I recently upgraded to BT full Fibre and have had nothing but problems most of which seems to stem from the new Smart Hub 2 provided. I have had multiple visit from 'home tech experts' and broadband experts none of whom can get any smart device to work with the new hub.....everything was working fine with Smart Hub 1. Unfortunately the Smart Hub 1 doesn't work with fibre. Not only that but the range (and therefore speed) of the WIFI is so much worse...even the Engineers admitted to me that smart hub 2 is not as powerful as the first one because BT want to sell you their range extenders and other total WIFI services! I will be leaving BT as soon as the 2 year contract us up and going elsewhere.

They kept us disconnected for 1 week one time

I have been a BT Customer for the past 12 years and anyone who knows me can verify I am advocate of speaking out for my rights to get the services that am paying for. Because if we are not proactive in knowing our rights and making sure we get our entitlements some will take advantage of us. So yes I have had to raise concerns about the service to BT and my no nonsense approach will the result am looking for.
For you to understand why I like the consistency familiarity and continuity that BT offers is the fact that I have disabilities. Therefore BT can be recognise as an Industry catering for the needs of their diverse users of services. For a person with disabilities it is reassuring that our needs are met to allow me to get the most from the services am paying for to carry out business and leisure activities.
I am sharing my BT experiences from the perspectives of how am empowered to take part in the matters that are important to me helping me to live a life that is most fulfilling despite my deficits and limitations. So I have my Packages with BT. I also have a GMAIL because this is more effective.
I have had contacts via telephone and when the Technicians have to visit their work is of the highest standards in the eyes of a Lay Person who has to trust them to do the work they are trained for. I am treated with utmost respects in my home and given explanations for the reasons they perform certain functions.
Let me say thanks to RAY from BT Open Reach who done an excellent job today. The future of the younger generations are secure with the work of the experts and professionals passing down the ages.
Thanks BT for helping me to empower myself.

I'd rate my experience ZERO if I could. Ordered mid April... it’s now mid June. Initial activation date was cancelled as more work needed. BT lied over & over again and tried to fob me off. Complaint is ongoing.
Despite OpenReach surveying planning visiting twice complex engineering taking the line to the adjacent property the engineer (who didn’t turn up for the initial appointment) failed to actually take the line into was is under 15m to the property. Gross incompetence!
Numerous calls with BT to try to get the problem sorted and then receive an email and SMS to say my line has been ‘Activated’ ‘Ready to Use’ and BT 'Hope I'm enjoying it'. As OpenReach and BT have closed the matter all BT can do is raise it as a 'fault'. A fault on a line I don't even have! Presumably I will now be charged for a line I don't have. Now it's beyond GROSS INCOMPETENCE.. it's unbelievable. BT Customer service worse than useless!

BT's service is appalling to the point of being fraudulent. I have had 9 visits by incompetent workmen who in most cases could not complete the work they came to do. I have also had 2 appointments cancelled without any notification. It's now 4 months since I started the contract and I still do not have the full service I paid for. Customer service is unhelpful and do not care if your installation is working but are only concerned with your payments. I have been lied to about the cost of the service and given incorrect information about future increases. I believe they are knowingly defrauding elderly users such as myself and will be reporting BT to Ofcom.

Although we have the 150mb package. It seems to be impossible to keep ping below 200ms. Even when I'm playing with my friends who live local or even in the same country. Above that we lost wifi for almost 4 months and are only told not to pay for it with no compensation. Its a joke and I'm sick and tired of this company and their poor connectivity and overall useless coverage. 3 discs and the latest wifi. DO NOT TOUCH BT AT ALL!

Richard Watts

Dominic

Mervelee Myers

Schilly

MU

Kai Philips

21 days ago

1 month ago

5 months ago

6 months ago

6 months ago

7 months ago

null

null

null

null

null

null

