"I am currently a plusnet broadband customer which I am happy to continue using. However as my contract has now ended and plusnet will not give me the "new customer" cashback incentive I am considering switching to John Lewis who are effectively still plusnet to my knowledge. In theory if I switch to John Lewis it should be the same service but I will get the current £75 black Friday deal as a new customer. Has anyone used both providers before? I am presuming it would be a fairly straightforward switch over considering they are effectively the same isp."

"Avoid. Avoid. Avoid. First John Lewis Broadband failed to process my order and I incurred increased charges from my old supplier. Then John Lewis Broadband never actually got around to pressing the 'on' button to connect my broadband when they were supposed to. Just when I thought I'd escaped these incompetents by moving to a new supplier when they jacked their prices up - it now turns out that John Lewis Broadband haven't actually disconnected my broadband and think they are still supplying me. Customer service don't know what they're doing and don't respond to online messages sent via my account. This is gong to effect my future relationship with Plusnet who I believe are the brains behind this outfit. Very damaging for their brand to be associated with this lot."

"They've taken my money and won't refund. I cancelled within 14 days. Since they lied to make a sale and it wasn't possible to get the service they said they would. In addition to this they never spelt my name email etc correctly and were unable to correct this. They've taken my £29 and no one will give it back. i've spoken with over 10 'customer reps' each one less willing to help than the last. Many don't have a good grasp of english and don't want to help. A manager promised to call back but didn't."

"I ordered broadband with telephone for a recently rented property and paid £75.00 up front. I was offered three dates for an engineer to visit and the box would be delivered beforehand.
Needless to say I have not received the box and no engineer has arrived. I went online to my account and tried to make contact firstly via a mail box however I gave not received a response despite the promise of a reply within 24hrs. I also telephoned the customer service number and waited more than 3hours on hold before giving up.
John Lewis should stick to retail and not venture into areas they cannot deliver on.
I am at the stage now that I will never spend money on anything related to the John Lewis/Waitrose group in future."

"Poor internet phone line went down a few times"

"I ordered broadband 5 weeks ago still not heard anything. As I am writing this review I am on hold for the third day in a row to try and get through to cancel my order. At the moment I am into 103 minutes on hold. I am determined to get to speak to someone to cancel. I tried there online method which they say that they respond to in 24 hrs but that was 6 days ago. I don't normally write reviews but this service is RUBBISH and so is the music whilst your being ignored by the shocking staff."

"Lucy"

"BJ"

"Nic"

"David7667"

"clifford"

"Ken"

"2 months ago"

"8 months ago"

"8 months ago"

"1 year ago"

"1 year ago"

"1 year ago"

"Have waited 3 weeks since I applied for John Lewis broadband I should’ve gone live on the 19th and every day when I phone they tell me 48 hours 40 hours later they tell me 48 hours et cetera et cetera I have asked to speak to a supervisor or manager and they tell me they don’t exist and that basically I just have to keep putting up with it terrible to treat people in isolation like this."

"If I could give zero or negative ratings I would. Dire customer service broadband speeds not as promised and additionally they promised an engineer to visit for connection purposes on signing up. The engineer didn't show up and I had taken a day off as A/L. Losing a day of A/L. When i phoned they said even though I had received confirmation of the engineer visiting by email my order had not yet been placed! No refund of anything given for this and internet connection delayed by a month. Please guys cut your losses. Do not sign up with JL broadband."

"John Lewis broadband deserve a positive review my parents use them and never have any problems. This is who I will be switching to when my contract expires next month."

"Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.

The worst broadband quality and poorest service I’ve ever encountered.

Service just cut out endlessly every day.. Spent 4 months trying to rectify by speaking with technical support. 8 different people suggested 8 alternative ‘fixes’. None worked. Am currently in process of transferring.

Relative also experiencing similar pitifully slow interrupted broadband. Have terminated contract and despite JL agreeing on the phone to waive the early termination fee they’ve immediately written to an 81 year old lady demanding early closure fees.

By the way JL broadband is just Plusnet with JL fronting it

They are the worst company I’ve ever had the misfortune to deal with a recommend to avoid like the plague"

"Not only my go live date was delayed but once we got the broadband it was absolutely shocking. The connection kept dropping all the time and we spent way too much time talking to their technical support about it. To be fair most of the support staff were pretty good and they did send the engineer to have a look (no faults with the line found). They were pretty funny about cancelling at first trying to tell me that we were bound by the contract but completely ignoring the fact that their service was not fit for purpose. Ended up cancelling after one week of this disastrous connection (or lack of one for the majority of time) after spending a fortune on my mobile data as the broadband was so poor I had to use my mobile hotspot. They didn't even refund me in full arguing that the phone line their supplied was not faulty! Really a let down form John Lewis never again. Signed up with BT straight away and their free public WIFI works better than JL's ever did."

"Never try their broadband. They use a cheap router and you have to change the channels regularly to make it work. We always have drops in our internet upto an hour long and when i ring their technical dept they say that it is expected to have at least 3 or 4 drops every 3 days ive never had that with Sky or anyone else.

We spend over £130 a week with Waitrose shopping and buy clothes and electricals from John Lewis and when we said we would cancel all those weekly orders for the sake of a £100 cancellation fee the person said i have the ability to remove the cancellation charge but i wont do it even though he knew they would loose £6-8000 a year in shopping. What a joke.

We are taking it further so i would let you know what his managers say about loosing £8000 a year for the brand to keep £100 in his department."

"Shirley chandler"

"Moe"

"Christopher J"

"Mart"

"monnnn"

"Rich B"

"1 year ago"

"1 year ago"

"2 years ago"

"2 years ago"

"2 years ago"

"2 years ago"

"Poor service been with them a year almost and it’s a monthly occurrence - poor internet phone line issues...yet again today phone line is down internet slow have 6 weeks to go till end of my contract...told line fault will be fixed by end of the week...I’m can’t stand the poor service anymore and I’m leaving early..paying the early exit fees but I just don’t care -it’s been such a poor service!!"

"In short don't use them.
Our phone line and internet were cut off for over a week. After an engineer could not find a fault at the exchange they sent an engineer to the house without an appointment. No one was in and then they told us they could not send another for 4 days. When the engineer did come (after a week) it turned out that the fault was at the exchange all along and the first engineer had missed it.
Customer service was poor giving different excuses for not sending an engineer and it was impossible to elevate the complaint.
When the line is working we only get download speeds of max 2mbs but this regularly (every couple of days at the moment) gets dropped down to 0.2mbs. When we call the speed goes back to normal so BT must be choking the speed."

"After ordering the broadband I had to call them just before the start of service to ask for a router. Apparently it had been forgotten to be sent out. One minute after asking for the router I received an e-mail stating my broadband order had been cancelled. Nobody could tell me why this had happened and I had to wait 5 days before anyone contacted me. When they did they just said they didn’t know why it was cancelled and that I woud have to start the order again from the start. Apart from ‘I’m sorry’ there was no offer of compensation or anything. I had to beg my previous provider not to terminate my broadband/phone. NOT recommended! I wish I had read these reviews before wasting my time. Very disappointed that John Lewis are treating their customers in this way."

"Their broadband is operated by Plusnet who are also reliable should be amazing really."

"This must be the perfect supplier - No bleats from anyone - then again perhaps nobody uses them!"

"Nealjane"

"Alex"

"Swlondon"

"Simon"

"Roger That"

"2 years ago"

"2 years ago"

"3 years ago"

"4 years ago"

"6 years ago"

