Poor service, been with them a year almost and it’s a monthly occurrence - poor internet, phone line issues...yet again today phone line is down, internet slow, have 6 weeks to go till end of my contract...told line fault will be fixed by end of the week...I’m can’t stand the poor service anymore and I’m leaving early..paying the early exit fees, but I just don’t care -it’s been such a poor service!!

In short, don't use them.
Our phone line and internet were cut off for over a week. After an engineer could not find a fault at the exchange, they sent an engineer to the house without an appointment. No one was in, and then they told us they could not send another for 4 days. When the engineer did come (after a week), it turned out that the fault was at the exchange all along and the first engineer had missed it.
Customer service was poor, giving different excuses for not sending an engineer, and it was impossible to elevate the complaint.
When the line is working, we only get download speeds of max 2mbs, but this regularly (every couple of days at the moment) gets dropped down to 0.2mbs. When we call, the speed goes back to normal, so BT must be choking the speed.

After ordering the broadband I had to call them just before the start of service to ask for a router. Apparently it had been forgotten to be sent out. One minute after asking for the router I received an e-mail stating my broadband order had been cancelled. Nobody could tell me why this had happened and I had to wait 5 days before anyone contacted me. When they did they just said they didn’t know why it was cancelled and that I woud have to start the order again from the start. Apart from ‘I’m sorry’, there was no offer of compensation or anything. I had to beg my previous provider not to terminate my broadband/phone. NOT recommended! I wish I had read these reviews before wasting my time. Very disappointed that John Lewis are treating their customers in this way.

Their broadband is operated by Plusnet who are also reliable, should be amazing really.

This must be the perfect supplier - No bleats from anyone - then again perhaps nobody uses them!

Nealjane

Alex

Swlondon

Simon

Roger That

2 years ago

2 years ago

3 years ago

4 years ago

6 years ago

