Having problems playing movies on my app so I call customer service they were so rude to me I just got off the phone with him and ended my subscription immediately don't have time to go back and forth with an adult I'm just not that type of person hopefully in the future they can have better customer serviceWow, I talked to some woman that couldn't have cared less that I was double billed by Netflix. She just keep saying call your bank. I told her it wasn't the bank who billed me. Finally I just cancelled Netflix and got my money back.I just chatted with a so called supervisor of Netflix the worst call I've ever had and they talk over you and don't let you talk I'm also now considering cancelling Netflix worst conversation of my lifeLAILA ID# 3102774 has horrible customer service & absolutely NO KNOWLEDGE when it comes to customers Netflix account! Please stop putting people that do not speak English on lines that you press 1 for English. So annoying ?Not impressed at all!!!!MY netflix is not working. it is treating me like a new customer.. asking m to log in. please helpWon't give actual answer to solve payment problem. Rude when facing the customer. Hang up the chat without confirming with customer whether there's any other problem.Too many dubbed series and movies,its horrible Netflix is boring,when you think something is good,you find out it is dubbed.For the past 3 months it wont let me get connected to t.v .with the remote or thru my phone.,hulu works,disney plus ,youtube .nerflix does not on my t.v . Using same phone or remote. Wth netflix. FixIssues with dish and Netflix is not the customers fault or reason to have to bend to what Netflix wants to make things easier for them. Customers who pay for services should have them running as smoothly as monthly payments are charged to them as the customer. But y'all pass blame on each other and the people giving you money for services monthly is crapped on and giving troubleshooting ideas which is just a circle jerk party. Disclaimers 7 be nice to know what we are getting into as dual service subscribers.Tried figuring out why I couldn't login to my account, only to find someone from another country hacked our account. The operator on the line was rude with a condescending tone. They need better training.Netflix won't help me. I have an account via tmobile and it does not work...and nobody can help me...not Netflix, not t mobil...leaving me to rot while I pay fees for no sercI canceled Netflix in March they still charged me 17.99 on April 12th , called them , they said t was canceled and didnt take money out of my account , I offered to send them a photo of the transaction, they refused it , then kept do you know when they took it out of my account, didn't even try to work with me , no I got a call my bank to get it stopped from stealing my money , I never have Netflix again, call Hey lawyer tomorrow see what can be done for them stealing my moneyNetflix has the worst customer service I have experienced in recent times .. Queried an odd charge billed outside my province along with another charge on the same date and I had to demand to speak with a supervisor who still couldn't answer my questions.. Then after I asked that my complaint be submitted i was told a mere ok they would try ..after 25 minutes that's the rubbish I was told...when I asked how long before someone contacts me with a response, I was told "I am not guaranteed a response"... So why am I calling customer service for help then? It's a patty shop! An annoying, futile process.. clueless agents, a company that is disrespectful to it's clients.Worst customer service ever.

What's the point of cancelling the subscription when all 5 people can renew it? It's my card on the account, I should be able to manage it however I want.

Oh what about a notification when you bill my account? You don't have that too? Cool great job netflix!I have been with Netflix since before they were popular. A loyal customer that wished to see them succeed. Today I came to find that my same account that I used to pay $5.99 a month for, it might have been even cheaper, was now at $8. I used to be able to watch on multiple screens at the same time as well, and that is actually where the negative review comes from. I am fine with a little price raise but to get my same service I ised to have for $5.99 they want me to pay over $14 a month or $168 / year! I asked them to simply honor my legacy loyal customer status and was treated like a piece of trash. They just repeated the current prices and said if I wanted what I ised to have I had to pay up. They also made it clear they did not care that I helped them climb to where they are today. Horrible business. They will become the next cable company.
I already get three free Netflix accounts through T Mobile but kept my original account because I thought they were still a good company and like an idiot felt I should support them. I am now cancelling my Netflix account and using my free ones. I will never again pay a penny to Netflix, I hope they go bankrupt and will support their competitors from now on.

Customers should be treated right. Supporting behavior like Netflix has will only make it worse.Complained about automatic Audio Descriptions feature and was put on hold several times 'looking' for a supervisor for over and hour. When a supervisor finally came on she gave a non commitment answer then proceeded to pretend that my phone was on mute but kept talking saying I was on mute when I have no mute option, then finally just hung up without any solution.Netflix India you are the worst.
I asked to speak to a supervisor and was made to 45 mins! More than a doctors office!
Bad attitude and customer service !
Didn't resolve my issue on top of everything
TerriblenessPoor customer service.poor attitude, yelling, very bad serviceWORST CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD
The customer service isn't a customer service they can't open a case or take inquiries from customers. They only as they say "take feedbacks"... Feedbacks the customer will never hear from again. With all the competitors the poor quality of their production without even talking about the movie curation ... This service is NOT WORTH IT ANYMORE. I am cancelling my subscription right now.Horrible customer service when I called them about not being able to update my payment method. My credit card was compromised and had an unauthorized charge from Netflix on my account. Upon receiving my new card, Netflix will not accept the new card as payment. When I called them, they said Netflix does not accept all payment options. It's a VISA!!!!! Their advice is to buy gift cards ?. Been a customer for a long time, but am going to cancel my account. Terrible that they wouldn't help me!!! ?customer service chat it so rude,they said that "you read above i send"!!! it should not use in customer service . they tell me only one way to solve ploblem and not read my conversation scrupulously.finally they end chat altrough ploblem not solveWe had Netflix for 10+ years. We started receiving messages stating we no longer have an account. When Netflix was contacted they told us our account had been hacked. They made us change our account (email, card info, etc....). Within one night our account was hacked again. Once again Netflix was contacted and they requested we change our information a second time. When asked how would they assure the account would not be hacked with yet a third email, credit card, etc.... the Netflix representative assured us this happens frequently and they could not provude such safeties. We explained we could not keep an account open that would not be safe. Netflix representative agreed and did not attempt in any way to try and keep us as a Netflix customer and it felt as though they were happy our business was leaving after 10+ years. VERY DISAPPOINTED.So very disappointed already.....have lost signal. Tried to reconnect, reconfigured everything on my end and your "support" ppl keep telling me it's something on my end...funny cuz my phone works fine..with the same signal.... at the end of free trial but was willing to continue with kt...but maybe not now.I keep getting "cannot connect to Netflix at this time. This has happened multiple times. Please help.After the fifth or sixth time of putting my account on hold saying my financial institution had declined payment, spent 5 minutes on the phone with said financial institution and they basically told me Netflix was full of it.So then I'm on the phone for 45 min with Netflix customer service reps and ssupervisors for them to tell me again and again that my financial institution declined earlier payment. But as soon as I updated my account with the same card number ,expiration date and security code I guess my bank said its ok now. Only they could tell me was nothing and they did the absolutely nothing .I called netflix about error code, the customer rep was a rude girl and snotty attitude. I knew it wasnt in usa, i asked where she is located, she said in rhe Philippines, i say oh i can tell you have an accent, she replied snotty. Told me it wasnt their problem that its the internet connection, but it isnt.Hey I Just Applied To Cancel My Membership Im Just Wondering Is It Really Cancelled Already???

I Need To Know That They Will Not Charge Me For The Membership Fees. Pls Reply Me Via Email AddressDear Netflix

Wish to unsuscribe my membership I don't have internet available .thanks for free try out it's awesome got to see one movie . Anita RiveraI'm getting billed for Netflix but then when I go to log on a new TV for it it says I don't have an account I need to find out what's going on if someone could call me back my name is Patricia Lunsford thankI can never get any help from customer service by calling or using chat. They are clueless and can not understand anything you tell them. They will never tell you a feature is not available on their site and instead they waste your time by running around the issue and suggesting meaningless things to do that never resolves the problem. Netflix has no clue which movies you watched and rated and will continue to show you same movies you rated and watched and suggest you watch again (No i'm not talking about MY LIST) and their staff can not comprehend the issue.Netflix streaming does not work well consistently. In fact it is very inconsistent. I certainly would not own stock in this loser.Rude customer service blaming their problem on my internet service which is fast. Netflix just does not work right. The customer service people treat you like dirt.Your website gives the phone and states there is 24/7 access to help. It does not mention that this # is for streaming only and that your dvd division has specific, unacceptably short hours of 6 to 6 daily, 7 to 5 on Saturdays. Your website is badly remiss in this omission. You have always, for the many years I've been a member, had 24/7 service for dvd issues. WHAT IS GOING ON WITH YOU AND YOUR DISREGARD FOR MEMBER NEEDS FOR HELP AND COMMUNICATION AT NIGHT, PLUS AN UNTRUTHFUL CLAIM ON YOUR WEBSITE?I hate Netflix. I just got off the phone with their so called rude supervisor Josh tonight regarding my account being charged but they canceled my account without refunding my credit card back and I feel like I was pushed into the corner with no one to help me but him and he was no help at all talking about its his way or no way. The last email I received from them stated I had until the 14th of Dec to use their service but when I go to watch tonight it wasn't there. I wish someone could just listen to the phone call and see if i am making things up. This is so unfair and ridiculous I have to be treated like I'm not in tittle to something. I wouldn't even have known about the cancelation unless I called and that's not right. I'm not sure exactly how to contact someone else besides the phone call so I hope this reaches everyone that is thinking about signing up with them. What other company is better than them. I would join them just because I don't like Netflix!First of all their customer service can swear at you and make up anything they want and treat you like not allowed to say what I want with this customer complaint but you know the word I want to say right and second of all when they charge you for something they charge you for it and then apparently you're getting going to get ripped off because they're charging you for about $12 more that's coming out of your bank account Netflix is a scam problem is most of us did not look at things like I do not look at it for years and I just called them this month they rip us off and they still are money they promise you it causes this much they charge you for it which I really should but then they go to charge you for another fee which is about 3 times more and which most of us never see it but that happens apparently too much or regularNetflix runs slow and has out of sync audio and video. Terrible customer support. Totally sucks. Spend your money elsewhere. 8 years and sick of Netflix never ending issues.Just got off the phone with netflix regarding a problem with a blank screen when trying to access netflix. Customer service person was an arrogant know-it-all that had an underlying tone. If my problem with netflix happens constantly I will quit netflix and go to hulu.I just wanted to say thank you so much for the tec that helped me with my problem I had. He was so nice helping me out. And I will be a loyal fan for a long time. Thank you again for the help.I've been a Netflix customer for over four years, the service has gone from good to bad to worse. They do not think about what they say, even in management.. If I had ever spoken or treated my customers that way as a business owner the only thing that would have been left standing would have been an abandoned building, I guess greed now outways "customer Service.." Go to Hulu like I did, way worth the extra few bucks with way, way more options, especially for the 40 and over crowd.Wow customers like been with you guys for a years and you treat me on phone calls wow I don't even want to continue this service anymore the way how bad you guys you actually treat me really truthfully I want to see a lot of bad words right now like you need to go I can't even believe you treated me that way you can talk to me that you can swear at me you can say whatever you want to me and I'm wrong for the way that I talk wow but u talk how ever u want to me cuz your boss is your boyfriendI've been a Netflix customer for six years and the service keeps getting worse. Why are the dvd's that I want to see always on a short wait? I realize that you make more money on streaming, but I pay for DVD service. Maybe you need to purchase more movies. I deserve some kind of compensation for always having to wait. Thank you!Worst customer service ever! Phone recording said 1 minutes and took over 4 minuttes. TV content 100% showing offense content that I have shown on my profile NOT to show or render. Told that I am OLD enough to to click the watch button!!!!!!!!I had cancelled my service with Netflix in June 2016. Last night I received an email that said "Welcome Back to Netflix and for renewing your subscription. I did NO such thing. Then I got an alert from my bank stating that $11.59 was deducted from my bank account! Needless to say, I was ANGRY. I NEVER renewed my subscription. I spoke to one rep who laughed it off when I tried to explain what happened. I finally hung up on him and called back and spoke to another rep who claimed my account would be forever cancelled and my credit card number blacklisted. I didn't believe her and asked to speak to a supervisor. Upon speaking the supervisor he assured me the money would be refunded to my account. I know of no one who could have renewed the subscription and have a feeling that Netflix renewed it on their end. I wonder if this has ever happened to anyone else. I better get my money refunded as I live in the Bay Area and know exactly where Netflix's corporate headquarters are in Campbell, CA. I have no qualms about going there and speaking to someone directly!Wow!What a horribly run company. Besides offering a terrible search engine, their customer service reps are rude and incompetent as well. A rep actually told me that 'having a language filter wouldn't allow users to operate the sight'. Huh? Further, he became condescending when I didn't agree.

Every experience I've had with the company has been bad, and their sight is poorly designed. The search engine seems like it was designed by a fifth grader (didn't mean to offend you, Fifth graders).

I will definitely cancel my membership before another billing cycle. How could a company that size be soooooooooooo poorly managed?Just got off the phone with customer service. Got what I was looking to clarify but the person who helped me was pretty rude (talking very slowly in a matter-of-fact tone). I called because I had one question. There is no need to treat me like I'm stupid.Hello- my issue is as follows - I contacted Netflix and asked them to please suspend my subscription, as I was going into the hospital for a lengthy period & would not be able to use the service. To be honest,I can't afford to pay for things that I'm not going to use. I sent my request in July, so, I thought, I would not receive Netflix the following month. But Netflix took it upon themselves to bill me for August and continue the service for another month. This irritates me, because I did not want Netflix, nor did I want to pay for it in August. That is why I made sure to contact them in July!!! Bad business practises in my view....makes me question whether or not I will resubscribe when I'm well enough to be back home. Is it really worth it to alienate a customer for less than 10 lousy dollars?!I have been a customer for years. Recently ALL of the items in my queue are on short or long wait. This has never happened before. Something has gone wrong. I tried a free month of streaming to see if the videos were available there. Every one was not available for streaming. Again, something has gone terribly wrong.Called customer service and was not happy with response I received. I was asked to stay on the line for one question - the question was whether I was happy or not with the customer service. I pressed the button for "no" and was told thank you and then the phone call ended. They didn't even care to find out why it was a negative experience.Netflix took $14.99 from my bank account and i don't even use it, it was supposed to be cancelled, so i asked them to refund me, which they said that can be done, so i waited 3 business days and then by Saturday they tried to charge me again, which i only saw on Monday as my money still wasn't refunded, they then said it was a glitch, so now i have to wait yet up to another 5 business days to get my refund back, it was the only money i had, and i haven't been able to buy food to survive because they stole my money.I have cancelled my Netflix account several months ago. They continue to debit my checking account. Now I find that they doubled billed me for over a year due to typos. I would not recommend Netflix to anyone. Rent the movie from Red BoxSorry, there was a problem communicating with Netflix.
(H404)
Try again??
This is getting old and I don't see why I should pay for a whole month if I can't watch it on my off time!!!hi this customer service is the worst i have ever encountered....they don't listen, they say it is your problem not theirs and they have no answers for why something happened other than u the customer must have did it somehow, maybe accidentally..
i have never, never commented on customer service before but this being so awful that a customer service rep would blame the customer is unbelievable......Been with netfix for over 8 years, now that netfix is available on the Concast dashboard, net flix is removing movies and raising my price 25% frome $7.99 to $9.99 on Aug, 1 2016. What happen to gradual increase. Will be considering my optionsI called customer service because I could not get access to my queue and this girl talked down to me like I was a complete idiot. I guess I can understand her being frustrated with me, because I'm not smart when it comes to technology. But I also think I deserve to be treated with respect and don't appreciate being talked down to. I could not stand listening to the irritation in her voice, so I just got off the phone and decided to solve the problem myself and I did.Okay I fell in Love with Netflix when it first started. I had streaming and 3-5 DVDs out at a time. But lately it has been kind of crappie. Their Anime is mostly only in Japanese audio when I know there are english dub audio because I'm having to buy memberships to other streaming playforms. I call netflix and they have no f***ing clue why they don't have the english audio for half of their Anime. Pisses me off. I only pay for streaming now and thinking about stopping that if Netflix doesn't get their crap together and start fixing things.Netflix has NO published complaints procedure and no structured methodology for formal complaints. You are subjected to derisory, condescending staff who happily spout lies and misinformation then hid behind the fact that the nearest you'll get to a 'proper' complaint is them sending an internal 'feedback' form which you the customer/complainant neither see or get a response to. Reprehensible!What I don't understand is when u add a show to your list and Netflix takes it off the list why does it take it off your favorites list.like the TV show mash . We love that show. And one day we was going to play it and it was gone. Like it just vanished. I would hope that if u are paying for something they would make sure that u stay happy. Because right now we are not.How can I search for movies, you seem to put TV series and movies all together in Australia, very annoying.
Also whilst in France on holidays, I was able to watch " breaking bad " when I returned home to Australia, Netflix here was way behind and now I have to buy it off iTunes.Just lost me as a customer. VPN Blocking will kill Netflix. Bad move on their part, I was willing to pay to watch but not much content in my country. Looks like I get to stream for free without you Netflix. Too bad, you were good in my books until now.I got subscribed automatically to channel without my consent and Netflix made an illegal transcation from my account and INR 650 got deducted from my account.doesn't Netflix have any protocol or rules to follow?you guys literally breached your own security clause. Now I m unable to contact customer serviceI'm finding out that Netflix isn't what it used to be! I know it's only $7.99 a month but come ON, I hardly ever find something to watch on it anymore. And they ALWAYS have series on there that are CANCELLED! So WHY leave it there to get somebody to watch it and get totally engrossed in it only to get pissed off when they find out it's been cancelled! So now I freaking have to research online about any series that catch my eye and most (9 outta 10) are cancelled! And no good popular movies from theatres ever hit this site! Have since gotten Hulu and found some better options, they have their crap too, but they have even a couple of the series I watched on Netflix AND more up to date stuff! Why keep Netflix too? THAT is the question, hmmmm.... no hesitation here, shouldn't.Been a while since I was subscribed to netflix, and thought I'd give it another try. I called customer service when I didn't see my old profile there. Well, it turns out that they delete user profiles if you don't renew your account within a certain time. What a way to welcome people back to your service, netflix, bravo! The customer service agent informed me that they remove this information 'to save storage space'. Now that's some bs right there. In this day and age storage capacity is economical enough to be able to save a person's basic profile info (favorite shows category, etc.) indefinitely at very negligible cost. There is absolutely no reason to remove the kilobyte (OR LESS) of storage space this information constitutes. Now 5 years of inactivity I can understand. Nobody wants a database that clogged. But 6 months to a year? C'mon, that's ridiculous. It's practically unprecedented. Why would I want to come back to a streaming service if the profile I took my time to set up has been deleted in such a cavalier fashion, with no legitimate reason? What a severe lack of common sense. Truly disgusting.I called Netflix. Netflix has the worst customer service. When I called I could barely hear the person because there were so many people laughing and talking in the background. When I complain about not hearing him he asked me if I was drunk Seriously!!I've been a member for years (DVD and streaming) but just cancelled the DVD plan because the time between returning and getting a new DVD is soooo long. What happened? It's been a week since they received the returned DVDs and still no new shipment. If they are trying to punish heavy users...well then...good bye. If they are trying to save money by not shipping discs on the "unlimited" plan...well then...good bye. If they are trying to kill the DVD business...well then...it worked. Time for a competitor to step in and pick up the customers that Netflix doesn't care about.Netflix officially sucks now. There is barely anything to watch in one country on Netflix and the only thing that made it barely was the proxy vpn changer but that no longer works. Just to let you know because of this I predict that you will be losing a lot of customers.I cancelled my free subscription 20 days prior to it ending. Well guess what, just as i thought they charged my account the $9.99. When i called to have it reversed, they claimed they could not see where money had gotten withdrawn. I then scanned over a copy of my bank account, and i was told to wait 1 week, and the money would be returned. 10 days later,i call back and i get the run around once again. After sending my bank account information again, they tell me i have to have the bank call them, and i was told this after being on hold for almost 45 minutes. I should have know to trust my instinct and not try Netflix again. The same think happened to me before. The company has no problem taking your money, but when they make a mistake, and i forward all the information they refuse to return it. This is absolutely the worst customer service i have ever encountered. I will never deal with you again, and i will be telling anyone i know that it would be easier just to stream the movies or go on demand, you may have to pay, but you won't have to deal with this companyI feel im being cheated. I pay 45 a month for a service that used to be outstanding, but of late im dissappointed that DVD series in my saved queue that have been on the market for a long time are not bing released. ive been calling c/s and they cant give me any assurances as to if or when they will be released. I think its unfair, that i cant finish or continue the stories on ur site. Ive been asking for the last 3 seasons of Law and Order, the last season of falling skies, Major crimes, Chicago P.D. if u guys cant continue the service u once did, then i feel like i need to look elsewhere. All i wont is to be able to enjoy ur service as i once did. im on disability and dont leave the house much, ur dvd's and streaming r my only source of entertainment. Please helpPlease cancel my Netflix. At 83 years old I do not need The problem of signing in on my TV. I don't need your crap.

Joan MacMillanI am Paul Wright and have had a problem and my card was compromised. I have new card now. I am having trouble with conection Please stop my Netflix. I no longer want Netflix ... I have had to much trouble you folks....I have cancelled my Netflix account for the following reasons:
1. The service offered to Australian subscribers is just insulting.
2. They do not offer anything than cannot be found for free, or at reasonable costs, elsewhere.
3. They are way behind other online streaming services in terms of updating the latest content.
4. Forcing customers who use geo-blockers for privacy reasons, to turn their geo-blocker off, is just unacceptable. They don't have the right to expose their customers to harm or risk via the internet, nor do they have the right to infringe my right to privacy.
5. Their tech-support is just rubbish. In fact, they don't have tech-support at all - just pretend consultants who send your form responses, that have nothing to do with your queries. They are rude and condescending and generally jerk you around until you get sick of it, and either solve the issue yourself, or you cancel your account.
6. It's not good value for money - the act as thought they are completely unaware of all the competition they have with online streaming service.I Subscribed To You When You First Started. Back Then It Seemed Like You Had Everything. Now Many Years Later I Can't Find Anything I Would Like To Watch. I Look Up Movies Now And Get Nothing. When Before It Seemed Like I Could Get Almost Everything. I Guess That Is How It Goes. Companies Start Out Good With Good Intentions And Product And Turn To Crap Over Time For Money And Profits And Forget What Started Them. Used To Believe In You And Your Service, Now Just Feel Ripped Off And Disappointed. Keep Raising The Prices And Give Crapper Service And Content.i Guess Its The American Way. It Does Not Feel Right To Me, But I Guess It Is All About Profits. Good Luck. Eventually Everything Catches Up To You. I Used To Love Your Service, Now Im Just Very Frustrated That I Cant Watch Almost Anything I Type In The Search Box. The Simplest Shows Or Almost Any Good Movie Cant Be Found. Really Soon I Wont Be Found As Your Customer And Im Sure That I Wont Be Alone.As one of the thousands of Australians that signed on early to Netflix using VPN putting up with unreliable connections an when the service starts to improve the block our connection improves they block our vpnNetflix has now stopped us from using a proxy server and to be honest that is the only reason thousands of people use netflix. Without it we pay monthly for crap movies and the movies are barely changed. So I have written to
shaomi a long letter telling them that thousands of us would love to use them to watch movies on as they have so much better and a larger amount of movies. I encourage others to contact Shaomi & express that you would like to be able to watch their movies on your computer.I now don't care about Netflix and I hope that everyone switches to Shaomi and Netflix becomes a thing of the past. Netflix you really did it this time,,,,, You'll soon lose all your customers. I will be starting a petition to send to Shaomi to show them how many people want to use their service online. Watch for it. Sign and send to all your friends....I don't pay you guys $8 fricken dollars a month to not be able to watch showed and movies. This "issue" tends to happen at least 4 times a week for me. Fix the problem or I will stop paying you guys for this service. Sad part is, can never get ahold of a representative to speak to about this issue.Not that it would do any good but it would be good if I could watch the episode with out it buffering all the damn time and y'all want people to pay for that shitYou need to bring back monk. I loved watching him. You really need to stop taking away good shows. When I did have it on my Netflix I watch it all the time. And now I can't even watch one episode be a use you took it off completely. How do u expect to keep customers if u take away the things we like. Makes no sense.
Sincerely and angry Customer.You Netflix are a bunch of thugs. I have never used your service and yet you charged me every month. All your contact details are fake. How do you live with yourself charging a poor pensioner like me a widow as well hope you lot rot in hellDear Mr. Hastings,

I love Netflix. My family and I watch Netflix all the time and we love it. However, I would like to say that when I go to watch a new season of my favorite T.V. shows it is not on Netflix so I have to wait for a few months for the new seasons to come on so I rarely use Netflix until the new seasons come on.

A solution to this problem is to add the episodes a few at a time so people will use Netflix because they will have a few episodes of their favorite T.V. shows and they will use your company's products and they will keep the contract they have with you and keep it payed.


When these shows come out people might not be able to watch or record these shows so they rely on Netflix to have the shows the want and then people find out that they new episodes are not going to be uploaded on Netflix until weeks to a few months after. Netflix is a good company and has 64,ooo,ooo subscribers and I know that you would not like to lose the people that use your website so I think that it would be a good idea to add a few shows of new seasons at a time so users will not stop using your program.

I hope you take this into consideration.

Sincerely,





Chaya HoughtalingHad a typo in my billing information, reached to customer service for 3 times, still incorrect. Guess I'm never going to be able to use NetFlix.I am really tired of the Netflix Are you still watching? interruptions that they call a wanted "Feature" by the majority of their users. I am disabled and live alone and it is a burden on me to have to try to get the remote and press the button every 3 to 4 episodes while watching a series.I've had no issues with Netflix always runs all the time never lags no problems just place awesome movies 24 hours a day 7 days a week I couldn't ask for a better service for the price you guys rock!!!!! I tried the rest go to Netflix for the best no BS Johnnie BowlingSpoke with customer service today regarding different tax rates applied to my monthly streaming and DVD rental subscription which should be the same but for some reason they keep charging me a higher percentage on my DVDs which also changes every so many months and never stays the same even though the tax rate where I live has not changed. All I got was a run around that they just apply the rate that they are given when in fact I know that can't be true since I checked the tax rates for the county that I live in and it is the same for all services and the streaming tax is correct but I still could not get them to understand. They did not seem to care and that makes me think that they really know what they are doing and only act like they have tried to help you. I would not recommend their service to anyone and will more then likely will be a former customer once I get this issue resolved by other means as who knows how many other people they are or have done this to.Someone hacked my account (I assume from France or a French speaking country, because they changed my account settings to French) and I only found out when I received an email saying that my email had been changed and I wasn't able to log in. I called customer service and the service rep courteously complied, reset my password back to what it was, and sent me an email (still in French) for me to reset my password. When I asked what the email had been switched to, I was told that I was not allowed to have that information (from my own account) per company policy, and was then passed off to her manager, supposedly Mike (with no last name -1010146) who then accused me of being the person who hacked my account (even though I had just verified my own credit info to get the account switched back) and suggested that giving me that email would incur some sort of (imaginary) liability onto them or Netflix, and told me it probably wasn't a valid email address anyway (he did a lot of BS lying), even though (as I told him), there is no possible way that the hacker could have used a fake email, as for them to have logged in and changed everything as they did, they would have had to use the password reset that was emailed to that address (A Netflix Customer Service Rep doesn't know this? Hmmm...). Instead of giving me the information I asked for (and there was no legitimate reason for him not to) he just made up one obvious lie after another to the point I felt like screaming. On top of this, once I had logged into my account (and changed the language setting back to English), I found that my plan had been upped to the premium package along with the DVD rental, and the service rep hadn't even bothered to tell me that! If I hadn't looked, I would have just been surprised when I got a bigger bill charged to my account. Unfortunately, the hacker hadn't yet changed the address to where the DVDs were set to go yet, so I wasn't able to find out who they were that way either. Yet I'll probably still get a bigger bill this month because of the change, and the fact that I have no intention of dialing customer support again. Apparently, it is official Netflix policy that they would rather protect the identity of thieving criminals than that of their own customers. I think I'll make that ex-customer.
Mike Gaitheri am rly sad bc youre deleting all the good programs off netflix and i am now angry bc of that like why the hell did you get rid of i.t crowd like thats one of the best programs on netflix just git rid of all the crap no one watches bc the i.t crows has done nothing wrong thats just plain rudePlease contact .I never asked for 2 screens and there are no children to be programming. I amolder ,do not type or see well.If you can correct this past error re 2 screens I would APPREACIATED it.

Perhaps you can do it in credit or a free month. Also the bank apparently had problems w their credit/debit cards. The last time this was a problem was the week of Christmas.

Thank you for your assistanceI am furious with Netflix! I have been a customer for years and ever since they changed their website my account has crumbled by choices. I no longer can add movies from the computer, I can only add on the tv, the problem with that is, that I can only choose from 50 movies at a time, and most movies are in every category, which the categories that netflix chooses, not me, because for some reason neflix seems to think that I am watching movies that I am not, and then there is a category for movies like the movie I watched but really didn't. So, I have mostly an entire screen of stuff I specifically told netflix I hate, and these are my choices. Who took over my likes and dislikes? Why did this happen? Isn't it wrong to say that there are 1,000's of movies to choose from, when your only allowing me to see what you put on my screen? I have a very specific watching preferences, and I now have mostly movies I will never watch, and that reminds me, I now I can't access my preferences. Oh yeah you say go to the preferences, well I do click, and nothing happens. This is wrong!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The whole idea of netflix was to go online, actually look through possible movie interests, click on the add to my list and watch. Well you took away my right to add online, you took away my right to look through your 1,000's of movies, and you completely disregard any of my preferences. WHAT IS GOING ON? I am a person of low income as I am now disabled and cannot work, netflix is my entertainment, and I feel that whoever made the changes they did, just totally wiped out everything I had built up to this point. The movies that I do have on my list are constantly being scrambled and mixed up, so every time I go to my list I have to scroll to find the same movie. It is never in the same pace. I know their is now way I have extinguished all of netflix movies by a long shot, yet I hardly ever see any new ones, and all I am able to see are the selected 50 that you choose to let me see. I do know there is a name for this, and we all know what it is. I used to love seeing my options, now it is just a chore to see any new ones.I am ranting on this website as I want to have this problem fixed and to see if anyone else is having the same issues.Rude, argumentative (and not very perceptive) motormouth Customer Disservice tonight about 9:45 Jan. 29, 2016. Horrible! If she were my employee, this would be grounds for immediate dismissal.Netflix needs to give better updated movies better animated movies they should also add Dragon ball z all sagas and get rid of the mayority of the movies that been on Netflix for the same time i've been on Netflix if this trend continues without better updated choices i will be forced to cancel my account and get huluI have been charged for a separate acct. for Jritter and she never ever set this up. Never used Netflix under that acct. I talked to someone before today, I thought this was already taken care of . Is there any kind of reimbursement for this . I have had my acct. for years , and I always recommend Netflix to others .I need help, I have issue with my registration on my Debit card details.

I have tried to contact the Netflix customer service but the contact no was not going through.

Thank You.
Festus AdeekoYou can no longer email but have to call in. You always get someone who has to transfer you to someone else and then you're on hold for a long time. When you finally get to talk to someone, most likely they won't be able to solve your problem but will "make a note" of the problem. I used to love Netflix and now I don't. I don't even like them anymore.I was disappointed in Netflix's decision to get on the bandwagon of convicted criminals. I followed the Avery investigation and trial as it happened. Netflix is merely trying to rewrite history (for ratings I am sure) and leave out most of the facts and make unsupported claims as to Avery's innocence. I have been less than satisfied with the service for quite some time now. Based on this disregard for honest journalism I am cancelling my service with NetflixI called your call center today. I am a network engineer for avaya. Your call center employee I uncounter was a complete arrogant ass. I am well versed as to how your service works. It's not a secret! I will be changing my streaming service to a different provider. Your business model is poor, I am sure you get lots of people that pay without a thought of what's behind the serice you provide. I have done some research and have decided to put Netflix in my rear view. I am one customer, and I am sure Netflix management could care less. Although, Netflix management should consider this, I have read the blogs from your existing and former employees. I can not support a business that has a worse over all customer service rating than AT&T as well as a lot of very un-happy employees. If this is even being read, and not being deleted the second it hits your email inbox then you should listen up. Your customer service is horrible, your punk male call center agent needs some training. I have read several posts that your culture is to just fire and re-hire someone else. That's how you solve the issue, really? Your culture issue is disturbing, avaya dwarfs your company and I am proud to say I don't experience the crap I have read from your current and fired employees. If you have an issue withy email, then I will have my attorney contact you. This is america, free speech rules !. I apologize for using profanity. Sincerely former customerWhilst moving addresses Optus have been unable to connect my Internet since 23rd October 2015. Due to problems with a line installation I will not have Internet until middle of January 2016. Can I please be reimbursed for the months that have not been used. You will be able to see this on your records. Funds have been taken out if my credit card account. If you could inform me if you are able to do so. Regards Jordan AkritidisI guess the holiday season will be my annual time that I am frustrated by Netflix. For years, I brought multiple year subscriptions for others right before Xmas. Last year when I went to buy several, I found they were no longer available-just gift cards for set amounts which do not equal the amounts for any monthly subscriptions. Unfortunately, I put my credit number on the various accounts and ran into multiple problems. I lost one credit card and had to find out which accounts were linked to it. One account was for an older women who moved Canada and her granddaughter continued to live in her house so felt compelled to keep up the payments, and on the recipients added a DVD plan to what was supposed to be just a streaming plan. This year, Netflix does allow you to get a gift certificate in any amount. The problem is that the gifts are in different localities and I now have to calculate the state taxes for each. Because of all this hassle, I unsubscribed to my personal Account.I would like to speak personally with a customer service rep.I requested cancellation on 11/17/15 via your website. I have been billed again on

Dec. 16, 2015. I again cancelled on 12/15/15 and your response is that I will

be billed again in January 2016. Why am I being charged for a service I am not using?I'm looking for the newest movies like dumb and dumber 2 ,and newer action movies ,don't know why I can't get themI down loaded Netflix for a free month I thought I had cancelled it at the end of November but received an e-mail from you saying you where billing me for $11.99.I no longer want this serviceI down loaded Netflix for a free month I thought I had cancelled it at the end of November but received an e-mail from you saying you where billing me for $11.99.I no longer want this serviceHave had trouble with Netflix every since I signed up. Trial period was not to bad, but afterwards it just went downhill. The buffering really is terrible. I have three to four minutes of movies and ten to twenty minutes of buffering. Netflix customer service said they did all they could by having me plug and unplug,etc... nope, did not solve anything, so they told me that it was my internet company, and I about died laughing since everything else was working great. The Old Pass the Buck routine.I have been a customer of Netflix since 2008 - my payments are always made on time. I was looking at possible changes to my streaming account - made a change by accident, their system didn't give me an option to reverse or cancel the change. I called Netflix customer service immediately to see if they could cancel the change since it doesn't go into effect until my next billing cycle. Of course they can't. WOW NETFLIX way to treat your long term clients, no wonder your losing them.Netflix has not been working for about a week. It's always had it's issues but now it's getting worse. Tv shows won't load passed 25% and when it does the show only lasts for a couple minutes and it kicks us out and starts at the beginning of the show. It's not our internet because 1- we have disconnected and reconnected it and 2- it works for certain shows and not others. Please fix this. What are we even paying for if we can't watch anything?We have not had Netflix for the past three days. We are connected to the Internet on all other devices. Please help sort this problem out. Cath Mungovenll the movies suggested to me are the ones that I don't want!!! I can not even search for what I would like to watch, any more. For example, with an old interface, if I wanted a documentary on art, I would find it right away. Now I have to spend so much time reading the titles that I don;t want to watch and your don't even get a description any more. That was the other most valuable feature Netflix use to have.
I could not agree more with this comment:
The concept of Netflix is a great one; the user interface is a convoluted mess! Somebody must have just learned how to use Javascript and is now infatuated with it to the point of absurdity! That novice employee along with his/her supervisor or manager should be fired! They have no common sense.

Now t

It is now impossible to use the interface with any ease whatsoever. It was FAR BETTER years ago when it was without all the damned Javascript gimmicks! I don't need those idiots telling me things like "... Because you watched so-and-so...". It should be up to USERS to view what's available so that USERS can decide for themselves what they want to watch.

Now this kills Netflix, big time:
Netflix's method of grouping things by carefully-worded headings is nothing more than gathering psychological profilHi

I am about to cancel my subcription. You have some good stuff originating with you but not enough.



Your choices are very limited mostly themes like violence, sci fi and adolescent targeted entertainment. Really unhappy.



MarthaDear Netflix



I cannot remember being so angry !!!! I have been a member of Netflix paying my subscription on a regular monthly basis by direct debit for years and you have the audacity to question my validity !!!!

I was asked three times to repeat my password to sign in tonight. Never before have I signed in..


I am a senior and have terrible arthritis in my hands and its another tiny keyboard to navigate.

You then tell me to change it. I do that on my computer. Your email says it is changed. I go back to my TV.

It refuses to recognise the new password. two hours have now been wasted.

My whole evening is ruined thanks to you.! I cannot watch Netflix which I am loyally paying for.

Your CEO was interviewed last week on TV. Very revealing.

I shall now write to him.



If I am, on this end of my email answering you, and at the TV, which receives your service, then for God's sake accept that not everyone is under twenty and computer literate nor can they handle today's technology '

Please take this as my authority to identify myself and don't give me any more grief.

Ask me security questions which only I know. Does that not make more sense than what you have just put me through ??? Banks are far more vulnerable but far more advanced and updated. Take some advice from their websites.



I look forward to your reply



sincerely



Pia TurnerThe concept of Netflix is a great one; the user interface is a convoluted mess! Somebody must have just learned how to use Javascript and is now infatuated with it to the point of absurdity! That novice employee along with his/her supervisor or manager should be fired! They have no common sense.

It is now impossible to use the interface with any ease whatsoever. It was FAR BETTER years ago when it was without all the damned Javascript gimmicks! I don't need those idiots telling me things like "... Because you watched so-and-so...". It should be up to USERS to view what's available so that USERS can decide for themselves what they want to watch.


Netflix's method of grouping things by carefully-worded headings is nothing more than gathering psychological profiles from users when they click to read descriptions and/or choose certain movies. I suppose that they are selling that data to some government "Big Brother" agency.

Also, I agree with "Anonymous" who posted the following in October, (the 4th?):
----------
"I see several categories, all saying there are 50 movies in each category BUT I would say that at least 1/2 if not more are listed in every category. So this really cuts the amount of movies that are available to us down to maybe,if we are lucky MAYBE 400 movies to choose from."
----------

The old say "If it ain't broke -- don't fix it!" applies to Netflix and those children they hired who insist upon playing with the User Interface.


I called and talked for an hour about all these issues with some lady who PROMISED that she would do something about it. Yeah. Sure! That was weeks ago and the damned thing is still a mess! Netflix is getting worse each and every time some idiot "thinks" that they know how to improve it. Obviously, none of them have any professional training nor professional experience. Morons.This SUCKS.i have no service so I go no line to get a C.S # and the machine blow you off,not cool.will have to think if I want something that does not workI just got Netflix a month ago,all of the sudden I couldnt get it on my lap top.I called them and after 20 min of blabbing about the problem he said he needed 199.00 to fix it! and that only they could fix it so dont bother taking it to anyone else.I am getting a second opinion.They should fix it for you just like any other server would do.Greed should be listed with all of Netflixes advertisements.This has been the worst experience ever and is driving people back into the video shops.

The internet provider blames netflixs netflix blames your equipment.

I have now had three IT providers had a small success when primus guy placed me on channel 11
since lost everything with netflix with messages your not connected to internet and the like
My computers are working fine speed test complets all fine modem router all fine

Time for another beer and calm down

Totally over the whole event!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!This is absolutely the worst streaming video service ever they cannot make there service work with firesticks or mobile phones if you are thinking about this service cut off your own head it will be a much more pleasant experience than trying to get their shirts service to workI have a Dell Latitude e4200 series I have gone and put the Netflix app on my computer with Windows 10 it constantly freezes the video while the words audio keeps going and then it looks like it goes in fast forward mode to catch up to the worlds please fix streaming issues for Windows 10Yesterday we noticed that our Netflix account of over ten years was compromised. Someone had deleted all the non primary profiles, renamed my primary profile and added two new profiles. The names on the new profiles were Evar, Tulva and Sel. Of course I immediately changed my password and called customer service. I explained that my family's profiles were deleted after someone hacked my account and asked them to restore the original profiles so that we could retain over ten years worth of activity on these profiles. I was told that Netflix doesn't have this capability. This is a multi million dollar if not billion dollar a year company and they are telling me they don't back up user data. I also noticed that even though I had changed my password and checked the "sign off all devices" box that all of our other devices were still able to go into Netflix, watch movies and most disquieting of all, change the password and/or email address on my account. This was an Ipad, two Iphones, and Android phone and the PC in my living room. When I asked the customer support rep why this was I was told "it takes 8 hours for the signal to be distributed to these other devices". I questioned the tech as to why it takes something that travels the speed of light 8 hours to kick out other devices on my account. Pointing out that an 8 hour window is plenty of time for anyone that hacked my account to continue to make changes to it, including my password and email address and that this doesn't exactly instill much confidence in me the customer. At last I requested to speak to a supervisor. After explaining my issues to the supervisor and being told that I would be put on hold while he looked into my problems, I listened to the same songs for over five minutes before being transferred to a survey asking me if I was satisfied with the service I received. Then the robot voice said "thank you, goodbye" and the call ended. I called back, by this time it was discovered that even though I had changed the name on the primary profile from "Evar" to my own name, the Netflix navigation window was still referring to me as "Evar" as in "Top Picks for Evar" etc. When I called back I spoke with the same support rep I had in the first place and asked for him to put me through to his supervisor again. By the way the support rep was named "Steven" and his supervisor was named "Al" or "Allen". Again I was cut off and called back a third time. Got a support rep named "Kevin" this time and asked to speak to a Manager. Kevin asked me to provide details so he could escalate the call. After I gave him details he attempted to trouble shoot with me. I reminded him that he asked for details and that I gave them and wish to speak with his Manager. He put me on hold and ten minutes later I was talking to another Supervisor. I explained my issues again to this supervisor (for the fourth time now) and was told that it takes 8 hours for the system to kick out the other devices on my account. Again I insisted that this was an outrageous window of opportunity for hackers to continue to run rampant with my account. Meanwhile my wife and daughter were still on their devices, using all the original log in information to watch movies AND had access to the "change password" and "change email" forms on my account. My "current" password showing up on their devices as a series of dots, already filled in and the form just waiting for a "new password" to be added and underneath confirmed. I was again told that it will take 8 hours for the new log in information to work and for all devices to be booted out. I was also informed it would take 24 hours for my personal information on my primary profile to reflect my own name and not "Evar" on the navigation page.

So, to recap.

1. Lost four profiles worth of data (watched, rated etc. ) Netflix has no backups or ways to restore that. Big problem.

2. After my account was compromised by hackers it will take 8 hours to purge them from my account even after changing my password and email address. Enormous Problem. There is no excuse in the 21st century for such a delay.

3. I was hung up on not once but twice by Netflix before my issues were resolved.I think netflix should let people decide if they want to pay for netflix every month on their own instead of netflix just automatically taking money from people... If the person have an account with netflix then they should be able to choose pay when i want to pay button for that month and automatic button thats pays every month that takes from your account... Netflix should have every show every movie and update them all the time specially the tv shows that be on netflix...I am very satisfied. Lost my info to log in. The guy on the line at customer service was VERY helpful. He even stayed on the phone with me and walked me through the process of resetting my info because I'm not tech savvy. Thank you so much for your help!!!!!!!!!!!i called and spoke with someone named Kevin. I guess I upset him because he didn't know it was still on phone and he said that if I didn't get off the phone he was going to have a problem with me so I don't think this is very good customer service. I will probably discontinue Netflix if this is the way you treat your customers.I cancelled my account approximately 5 months ago and just found out I have been charged all this time for service I never usedFirstly I would like to start by saying Netflix is the best thing that's happened since smart TV'S were introduced. I am concerned about a few things that currently is preventing me from getting Netflix on a full time basis.
- All time classic movies are not there,if they are then they're not on there for a long time
- Why do u lot need to remove movies?can't u just keep on adding and not remove them?
- On "My List" why can't you have seperate lists for movies and TV shows,as currently there's too much congestion with the two mixed together
- Why can't you have your 5 red star rating AND/OR IMDB Rating(as I find this more accurate then ur own 5 red star ratings)?
- Why cant we upload whatever we're watching on our mobile devices to our smart TV'S? Like you can with YouTube,this is to only save time typing your searches as a pose to using your TV remote for searching films/shows?NO. I AM NOT OKAY WITH THIS. I have limited internet service because that's all I can afford. Its not enough to stream a daily show episode let alone a whole movie. I have internet access at work so I don't need much at home so renting DVD's is my best option. Those stupid rental kiosks only carry popular movies most of which I don't watch because they're crap. I guess now I'll have to cancel my netflix account and figure out something else. Even if I was to get better internet service at home I wouldn't keep my account with you now.Not worth it. Watching a series then get message that too many people watching on my account. NO BODY IS WATCHING!!!!! It's my account and I followed the instructions but still the same message. What is the point?? Its easier to buy the box sets. Not happy this is either an unsecured network or just very poor. My advice is don't bother just subscribe to sky or virgin.Netflix product and customer service has taken a dive! In the past 3 weeks, each DVD I ordered had an issue. The first 2 times I was understanding, but last week there was an issue with both the DVD I had and Netflix streaming. Wow, I pay for services I can't use? That's not right! I called customer service for each department, here are my pitiful experiences:

First, DVD customer service is NOT open after 8pm. Which is annoying because I don't settle in to watch my movies until after work, dinner, and dishes, at least 9pm. Now I have to call back in the morning, when I don't have time! Secondly, I've been told that the real problem is not the DVD disk, but it's my DVD BlueRay player. Really? Nothing is wrong with my BlueRay player. 2 out of 3 replacements played just fine, but 2 copies of Mission a Impossible III played for 25 to 30 minutes, then started skipping all over the place. Customer service reps were generally unhelpful, didn't ease my frustration and when I said "cancel my service," they said "ok." Nothing to make things right (except to send me more broken disks), nothing to try to keep me satisfied, nothing to keep me as a customer. Wow! This is NOT the company Reed Hastings founded as I know it. What has happened?

Streaming services were also down during the time my DVDs wouldn't work. One rep one night told me they were having issues, that "stuff" happened and nothing they could do; I would just have to check back. The next night, still no streaming services. I called again. This rep told me they weren't having issues, it was my DVD player and it needed to be updated and reset to factory default settings. Umm, my player was already updated and I don't know how to "reset to factory settings." He told me to call the manufacturer. Again, no real help. And no recourse. I didn't do anything and a few days later I tried streaming services again - guess what? It was working. Now I'm feeling I was deceived. I told Netflix to cancel my streaming services too. And they just said, "ok."

Reed Hastings, what has happened to your product and your customer service? Both are flailing and failing big time.Cancelled my subscription to NETFLIX due to the lie they told: they said they give maternity leave to all their employees, which was a bold faced lie. It is only given to the upper management and not to the rest of the employees under NETFLIX. I urge everyone to do the same. Had this been you employeed through NETFLIX and your wife had a baby, you would not be allowed time off for maternity leave to bond with your child(ren). Or be there for them both. I would do this for you had it been you, once again, I urge you to cancel your subscription from NETFLIX.This is a question not a comment:
How many actual movie are listed in my account for my family to watch?

I see several categories, all saying there are 50 movies in each category BUT I would say that at least 1/2 if not more are listed in every category. So this really cuts the amount of movies that are available to us down to maybe,if we are lucky MAYBE 400 movies to choose from.

Suggestion: make a category titled " All Movies" and list them in alphabetical order, like Crackel dose, so as to not waste our time hunting through duplicates.

And DO NOT PUT ANY MOVIES THAT ARE RATED 2 STARS OR LOWER IN MY ACOUNT!!

Thank you.
CourtneyWorst customer service ever! The rep on the other end of the phone was condescending and constantly talked over me. Perhaps customer service classes should be taught at this center! Happy to cancel service with NetflixQuality has decreased dramatically. And, they provide no access to comment about problems. They advertise great service-they do not deliver-used to but no longer.Hi

Someone has used my email address when they created a netflix account. They put in their own VISA/ Bank card num and their name is Simone.

I tried to log in using my email (i thought i had signed up) but because this person has taken it I couldnt, therefore I changed my password and now this 'Simone' person wont be able to get into their account because its my email and password they need but the account is on their bank card.

If that makes sense?

Please help!! Maybe you could trace the card number and see who the real owner is?

ThanksReally rude customer service woman, discusted with how she spoke to me and wouldnt listen to me. The problem was solved by myself rather than the womans help who was sending me on a wild goose chase. Really rude american woman.I cancel last month's from Netflix movie s and today I got and email from my bank saying you all took money out of my accounts again now I have an over draft because you all charge please make sure. You cancel I not working now and I can't afford it right now. My bank account is with Wood forest national bank my name paula frazier make sure it doesn't happen again thank you.Hello, I've had an account with you guys for years, I pay every month yet for the last 6 months I barely get to use your services because every few minutes it wants to buffer for over 10 minutes! I am beyond pissed off about this. I have contacted Comcast already but everything else loads just fine. I am seriously thinking about sueing your company for false advertisement and faulty services if this is not fixed. I'm sorry if I come off as rude but this is ridiculous! If a costumer pays for services, they should receive them no matter what! Please do your jobs...Netflix is not able about the same movies everyone a new release is not a new release it a movie u have watched with a different cover I've tried to stay with Netflix but not so sure will be able to if u pay the money and the only thing u can watch is the same movie over and over and over there must be fifty million movies to choose from but seems they only have five hundred but look again. Not five hundred because the same movie is in every category so in every category there five or six movies different but then go down to the next category and same movies as last catagorybut there's five different but there not different because they were in the other twenty category. Sad very sad but they take u r money and we are dumb for dealing with.
DarrellMy friends and I were wondering if you could PLEASE put The Suite Life of Zack and Cody back on Netflix? It is our fav show.My 7 friends are begging you to put the show back on very soon! They are very very unhappy that you ultimated the show from Netflix ot would mean the world to us if you could put The Suite Life of Zack and Cody back on Netflix. We love Netflix but we would like it even more of you put the show back on?



When you have your answer. Thanks bye!I was so disappointed when you removed The Suite Life on Deck. Can you please put it back on? It is me and my friends favorite show of all time. We were really sad when you removed it. Please put it back on! That was the only show I liked and never got bored of. ( Well one of the shows) So PLEASE!!! This is very important to me and my friends! I am begging you!

-Jaicee MarshallHere is my experience with Netflix. The lack of compassion for a long time customer sucks!Netflix
Thank you for contacting Netflix customer support.

Here is the transcript from your recent chat with customer support:

Netflix Jade
Hi! (: Thanks for contacting your friends at Netflix, Jade here! Who do I have the pleasure of chatting with today?
You
I was hoping you can help me. I need an extension on the payment on my bill. As you can see I have been a good standing customer for a long time but have some financial difficulties right now.If you could wait a week or 2 after the bill is due to recive the automatic payment i would appreciate it. If not I need to cancel my subscription today
Netflix Jade
Ah, okay no problem! Let me take a look over the account and I'll do some digging to see what our options are! (:
You
thank you
Netflix Jade
No problem! Looking at the account I do see you are in good standing and we really appreciate that! Right now the best way to change the billing date would be to cancel the account and then restart it on the date you want to be billed, or when you have the funds available!
Netflix Jade
All your viewing activity, profiles, and ratings will be saved for you, so when you restart it'll be like you never even left!
You
ok cancle it today and we will be going with amazon prime instead. thanks
Netflix Jade
No problem! Would you like me to cancel the account for you?
You
please
Netflix Jade
Alrighty, that has been taken care of for you. If you ever do decide to come back you can just sign into this same account and restart it! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
You
nope
Netflix Jade
Hey, thanks so much for chatting in so that I could get that taken care of for you (: I hope you have a fantastic rest of your day, and one more thing, if you wouldn't mind, please stay online for a one question survey.I joined Netflix and could not watch anything without getting a jerky picture, out of synch v.o.s and worse. Spent ages on Chat with customer service and all I got was the blame game. It must be my choice of web browser, or my ISP or my internet connection, or an intermittent signal or my star sign. "Everything is good at our end". That's nice but I'm not watching at your end! My ISP tested everything and declared it A1 as did a rent-a-geek. Their suggestions were risible - "use another computer or a tablet" etc..
I would have thought that companies had got beyond the blame-the-consumer ploy by now but not Netflix. I cancelled.Was unable to get access to netflix on my new computer. My account with netlix

Password Had to enter a new account, to get netflix on new computer.Hope I will not be charge for 2 accounts now.Can you check?

Stuart BuckleySo disappointed that you removed Leave it to Beaver!! In a world where our kids are surrounded by so much profanity, sexual and violence, shows like this are classic and refreshing. My kids love it! Please consider bringing it back. I would take this show over any cartoon or more modern kids/ family show any day.Netflix absolutely sucks on Xbox 360, takes forever for the app to even load to be able to sign in. When it does finally load and I find something I want to watch, it will load only to 25% and then load for 15minutes before it plays (if it plays at all). Its not my internet either because Netflix works perfectly fine on my laptop and PS3.

I have tried contacting Netflix support but that was pointless, all the people I talked with just kept insisting to "clear my caches" when I told them that would not work because I have tried it before and it didn't. I have asked why it works well on my PS3 but not 360 and never got an answer. Bottomline they do not give a damn if you have troubles using their service just as long as they get your money; DO NOT SUBSCRIBE TO THIS SERVICE IF YOU WILL BE USING IT ON A 360.It would be great if Netflix had all seasons to the TV series they have. Not just one or two seasons. Netflix should also have more up to date movie selections and television series. Its horrible trying to find a good movie to watch and its annoying to start a series and not be able to finish it.I'm very unhappy with Netflix. What does "new arrivals" mean - one every month? They list "new arrivals" as one new documentary plus an endless list of "old" movies, not new arrivals. The movies offerred are not trendy, not in the least current, not even well known or known at all. O.K. We'll go just a little while longer and then goodbye Netflix if no improvement. I go in to the site for entertainment, not to spend forever looking for a decent movie to watch. (Another site for $4.00 has movies such as The Butler, 12 Years a Slave, Fury, Malificient and on and on and on.)I would like to know how I can track who used my credit card for a subscriptions for Netflix. I stay in South Africa and have had a Netflix subscription be deducted from my credit card without my permission. Please advise as to what I need to do now. I have cancelled my card to avoid any more debits going through.The Denver location for Netflix was rude and unprofessional. My monthly billing date was different than the date I'd originally signed up for. And, when I tried to cancel my DVD plan, I was still billed for DVD and streaming. The rep who'd taken my call was rude, unsympathetic, and unprofessional. And in the end, placed me on hold and disconnected the call. I will never go back to Netflix again.I have had Netflix for 3-4 years now, and have always been pleased with the service. However, You changed the format a few days ago, and it is not acceptable. I want the "more info" put back on. Before I watch any movie I routinely check to see what other viewers have said about that particular movie. I also like the info on the cast, etc. Come on Netflix, you didn't really think you were going to just sneak a new format in, and we wouldn't even NOTICE that you are now giving us less than satisfactory service by deleting More Info?I spent 20 minutes on wait then the man was ridiculously rude. When I asked for a manager he was even more so rude. Quote I'm at work tonight to deal with people like you. I hope this company fails if it continues to hire morons like that and be that rude to customers. I was a 3 year member and will never again sign up. They refused to actually cancel my account as well saying quote "deal with it online". Used to be a Netflix junkie but will not be taking my business to the many other options with just as many movies available.So i love tv shows and it said the new season of pretty little liars was coming out june 10th and its been over since it said it would come out was that just for the usa because that is so not fair and they need to brung shows like modern family and castle i really like those shows other then netflix is goodWe have been watching the Spanish series Grand Hotel. Tonight we cannot get it on Netflix or our computer. What happened to this series? We are almost done with Season 3 and are very disappointed that we cannot finish it. Please let us know why we can't get it.A rep and a supervisor both gave me the wrong information about a credit I had in my account. I was told that after I cancelled, my credit would remain and could be used next time I rejoined. Instead, they charged me for another month of a disc plan while I was on vacation, and certainly not renting any discs so they could run the credit down. I contacted customer service, and only got the run around and a bunch of excuses.Called Netflix regarding Netflix not casting to Chromecast when using a Kindle Fire 7HD. Google this and it is a well known issue.
Heavy indian accents and talking very fast (despite repeated requests to slow down) made this a frustrating experience. Especially when they remoted into my computer, told me and "showed me" I had a trojan which was stealing and changing passwords and blamed the issue on the trojan. Researched the "trojan" and found what they said was completely wrong.
Called back and was told I was wrong,they were right and for $99 they would fix the issue, WOW!!!!! Didn't think Netflix would run a scam but.... GOODDBYE NETFLIX!!! Your competition just got a customer.This company is a total joke.... especially the Michigan ....They hired people with felonies.... that steal your identity..... charge items on your accounts..... or sell your information..... like their csr... Candice Compton....don't do shot about it.... let her continue to do it.... She has a record.... do it at other company.... they refuse to do checks...Very rude and short with me. Canceled my service, and the still billed me. Called waited 17 minutes for them to hang up on me.

Very disappointed.Over the past couple years, I've noticed more and more problems with the playback of DVDs and blurays. It seems at least 1/2 the movies we get anymore will screw up somewhere in the middle and we'll miss part of a chapter or more to freezing up. The discs themselves often show little or no wear which tells me it's a quality control issue from the manufacturer side.

Lately, we've been getting more and more discs that won't play at all. They won't even load in our bluray player. The last example was Interstellar. It wouldn't play so we asked for a new copy to be sent right away. That one showed up and wouldn't play either. I called the 800# to tell them about the problem and about how more and more of their discs have been faulty and they claimed it was the firmware on my DVD player, not their discs. I spent the next hour figuring out how to upgrade the firmware on my player and the movies STILL didn't work. I called to tell them they had a QC problem but they still claimed it was my player's problem. My wife and I got fed up and finally paid $5.95 to watch it in-demand through our cable service. The 3rd disc showed up several days later and, lo-and-behold, it worked just fine. I wanted to call Netflix and tell them they were wrong, but I didn't want to put myself through that mess again. I feel like they should have paid that $5.95.


Oh, by the way, the movie we have right now--Wild--won't play at all. It looks brand new. Screw Netflix and their crappy discs.I absolutely love Netflix, I use this company production 5-7 times per week.
I have also been a member for over ten years. I find that the movies are way over due and the selection is horrible. Once a movie comes out, the current movie should be downloaded and owned to Netflix. The scary/horror movies are also lacking as well, The Call is also a popular movie. Movies that should be owned would be the following: Lean on Me, Best of Me, Step Brothers, Pursuit of Happiness (With Will Smith), Dickey Roberts, all of the new Disney princess movies and Disney animations as well (Such as Tangled, Princess and the Frog, Frozen, The Lion King,The Little Mermaid, Lady and the Tramp, Finding Nemo, Toy Story series, Up, etc...),all of the Harold and Kumar's, all of the Sherlock Holmes (With Robert Downey Jr.), all superhero movies (Superman, Batman, Hulk, etc...) Nicholas Sparks movies: Notebook, Dear John, The Vow, The Last Song, and A Walk to Remember. My neighbors and I would love to have the Fast and Furious Series. The old Halloween (With Michael Myers), including H2O, Aquamarine, Faking it, Awkward, the Younger series. Thank you for nothing because you will not read this. You're a piece of trash.Not happy at all. 3 family members each with our own netflix accounts yet every single account is showing an error with payment method. 1 account is only 4 days into the free trial period and the other 2 have been paying accounts for a good few month. When trying to update payment method it brings a new error up. Gave up on netflix and wont be renewing!I am very pleased with netflix,but I want to see more episodes/seasons on my t.v. shows.I would prefer Sword Art Online.I have been waiting forever to see the new season.Don't know if this is where I post these kind of things but here you go.I really enjoyed watching "Winds of War" and now of course, I would like to see "War and Remembrance". Can you tell me when or if you are to run that?



Thanks for your help.



David LavineTried to access netflix in Spain but experienced a redirect loop. When I tried to contact support, the chat line wasn't working, there was no email link, and the "call us" button didn't provide a phone number, only a code for "faster service". How about any service at all? I don't care if it's slow.My account was hacked, and Netflix customer service was unfriendly and unsympathetic about the situation, even suggesting that I left a device signed in and someone else just tried to change it to their account (even though the account was accessed from Germany).Terrible service is getting even worse. Reecntly, there is significant increase in turn around time for mail-in DVDs. There is no email address to complaint about it. Phone based customer servicce can not solve any issues, accpet providing lots of apology. I'm currently looking for a better mail in movie service.Netflix is a very bad service. I pay every month in time, but cannot see any movie. Only white screens. BOOH. I have quit.There is a TV show called Yu-Gi-Oh that I had began watching on Netflix, but I realized that it was cut off halfway through the second season. I was hoping you could add the rest of the series so I wouldn't have to try and find it anywhere else.Impossible to find a direct Netflix contact email or comment/feedback contact. Netflix in Australia: recently established. Lowzy selection (only violent and old movies). Lowzy selection of UK, Australian and US TV series. Ninety per cent of movies violent or 3rd rate. Hardly any good Independent of Foreign Movies. I will not continue subscription until a much better selection is available. Australians expect far better.I need to change my credit card number.

I had to cancel the card number that I gave you because of fraud.

Plz email me on how to proceed with this. My


Thank you.

Julie HundtPlease strut off. ..don't have the code because my son is in jail do not take out of his account no longer has bank account. ....this is his mother need to ask any questions call me at no longer has WiFi that is gone to make sure ....no one is even use it in a month thank you sorry things happenit was a mistake to order Netflix again the same movies are on that was on months months ago all old movies nothing that I what to see after this month I will never order Netflix again......GARY GETTYMy phone service not workingYou charged me $8.79 and I would like to have it put back on my account. You billed me on 3/21/2015. Please credit my account. The deal was , you would let me receive your network for 30 days (free, unless I decide to cancelled) you charged me from day one. That wasn't the deal you are in violation of customer consumer credit report Piss off MF. Sincerely, Mrs. B.Netflix scammed me with their free month offer!! I was a customer for eight years until the DVD"s mailing time got so bad I would receive a movie three to four days after placing the watched movie in my mailbox. So I left and went to Red Box. But on my Netflix web page they offered me a month free so I picked DVD's one at a time. The service was slower and cost more than five movies a month of Red Box. Before the free month was up I saw a charge on my credit Statement. When I called they told me to bad there is nothing they could do. When I asked for a supervisor they told me he doesn't accept calls. I hope their stock falls to the ground along with their scam and policy. There I said it. Think before you become a member!I am not happy to read that Netflix passed up on Seinfeld. WHY??? I've been searching for that show for months, hoping Netflix would get it. How is Friends any better than Seinfeld? Netflix, you get Seinfeld right now!aaaah, I hung up when I meant to hit the '3' key on my phone! just got off the phone with Pete, March 5th at 8:07pm EST. He is awesome, upbeat, professional (security, legal-wise), so sorry I couldn't give him good reviews officiallyWhen I signed up for the trial service I did not check blueray in the sign up process eventhough I have a sony blueray blueray 3d player . How do I correct that in the sigh up and how important is the blueray ?Netflix Live Chat has untrained personal. All they do is read out of steps and protocols. Throughout the chat she had to consult with a tech support rep. ISNT SHE SUPPOSE TO BE ONE! Apparently, not! I knew more about technology that she did. You are better off figuring it out yourself.In Austin TX, Netflix has added a day to the DVD mailouts every day of the week except Friday, when the mailouts actually get processed by the post office on Friday & arrive in Saturday's mail. On MOn-Thurs, if the say they mail on that day, the post office actually receives & processes it the next day-therefore, a 1 day delay in arrival. The Netflix customer service staff consistently LIE that this is going on. This is consistent throughout my neighborhood among DVD customers, so it's not a postal glitch or any other half-baked lie that they give out. They are liars and stonewallers.Rude. No knowledge about their own product and even less about the devices they claim their product works with. They know nothing about Apple at all and are misinforming people who call in and will not retract the erroneous information when faced with proofI have been a Netflix user for many years. Unfortunatley in the last few months I am getting frequent breaks in streaming & sometimes it gets to the point where it doesnt recover (get message "whoops we have an error). At times it is unwatchable. If I could find a better service I would cancel Netflix.DVDs are taking DAYS to reach me and to reach them when returning. They blame it on the USPS but I asked my NY State Assembly Person's office to look into it and was told it is not the PO it is Nexflix. They are once again slowing down service. I am cancelling my account and frankly they don't seem to care.I canceled my account a month ago and they still took payment then gave a pour excuse why.Never going back to nexflix not worth the hasselTrying to sign up on app and it won't do anything but ask for password . Says it sent me email but hasn't been received. Probably me but email me at and tell me how to get signed upThey really have horrible customer service. The worst! How can they still be in business??? I remember in the beginning, they were very responsive. Not anymore. Really a shame. I hope someone else comes along and wipes them off the map like with Blockbuster!!!I was looking over my credit card statement and you all are still pulling money off my card I cancelled you all like a year and a half ago how do I go about getting it of my card I don't watchWe have had problems and when I called I was NOT helped. For the last week or so, every time we're watching a movie on NetFlix a message comes on the screen and we're unable to watch the rest of the movie. We're getting very aggravated about this. Every time we see half of a movie and then can't see the completion. Here is the message that comes on the screen:

"We're unable to connect you to NetFlix. Please try again or visit for guidance.I am a very regular user of Netfix, as are many of my friends, but should you cease to show the BBC programs I, and all my friends will no longer use your service.
I am very disappointed as I have been a loyal customer but may no longer be so at the end of this month.I don't know if it is ROKU ( support.roku.com ) or NETFLIX that is dumping the credits. This new action by either Netflix and/or ROKU IS VERY ANNOYING and limits my appreciation of Netflix and/or ROKU! Very Often I like to see the credits as to SFX, stunts, music etc. This dumping the credits and posting some ambiguous movie or show title is degrading my full enjoyment and action of a movie or show. IF I WANT TO DUMP THE CREDITS THEN I SHOULD HAVE THAT CHOICE NOT NETFLIX OR ROKU!! I do not know who is responsible and that is why I put ROKU customer support link in the notice....STOP DECIDING FOR ME (OR OTHERS) AND DUMPING THE CREDITS!!!Please help me understand why your parental consoles do not include a pin for security. Am I missing something here??? Why prevents my child from hitting my profile vs theirs and watching anything they want?? I may have to cancel, that is unacceptable.customer service keeps saying my netflix e mail is incorrect// i keep redoing it. it is and has been the same for 5 years. why do i keep getting this message????



re david murphyI've been with netflix for years but every year I keep getting more and more unsatisfied with the service. The grab for more money and charging more and getting less is getting old. Now they changed streaming to only 2 people to be able to watch simultaneously and I have a total of 3 ative users on one account. I see know justification of going to $12.99 for a family plan that allows 4 people to use the service simultaneously. When I have been paying $7.99 since 2009 for this service and still stuck around when they eliminated having DVDs as part of my plan unless I went $16.99. Their grab for money is getting annoying, I just have to cancel and switch to Hulu. Also horrible customer service when trying to resolve issues with your account.I cannot believe Netflix has such a horrible commercial that portrays the "I love Stephen" Netflix password. Not only is it the WORST commercial of 2014, but it is played at EVERY commercial break for "Once Upon a Time" episode. It would not entice me in the least bit to use Netflix instead it makes me NOT want to ever use Netflix! This commercial shows very poor taste. I'm so disappointed in Netflix.Saturday mailing and receipt of DVDs cancelled without notice, CSR says either that or raise prices. I asked if I got
a reduction of my cost..no.

Christmas week none of the returns mailed were noted, not on Monday the 29th either.
Snotty CSR, Dan in Oregon, now says the PO takes 3-5 days to deliver. Every DVD not sent is in the profit column.Very disappointed. Three people, no help. Cancelled service. Again VERY disappointed.I'm seriously considering cancelling Netflix. I don't know why they think they know what I want to watch more than I do but they have seriously cut their search and queue capabilities. I'll probably give it one more month and then will just go back to Blockbuster. When Dish bought BB I took them up on the free offer. I went back to Netflix because of the awesome queue and search capabilities. With the changes that Netflix has made, I see NO benefit to staying with them. Roku and Hulu would be better than what Netflix is offering at this point.I just made a compliant with the Better Business Bureau's Online Complaint System.



My complaint has been assigned case # 392349



Feel free to contact me as I feel a class action suit might be due! They are treating so many people unfairly.



I will start collecting everyones details and talk to a lawyer.



MichaelOn 12/17/14 I spoke to a supervisor/manager (he said he was both) & asked for a refund for a Nov. charge in which I was to receive a free trial. He refused to refund me but was happy to cancel my service. I wonder if Netflex cares that there managers that speak to customers are willing to to give a refund in knowing that they have lost a customer because of a supervisor/manager named Brian could care less...
Terrie B.I've been having a connectivity problem with Netflix on my computer for about a week (a black screen when I try to play any video). I did some research on my problem online. Netflix has a help page about my particular problem, and I had already gone through all the fixes in the article. None of them fixed my problem, so I contacted Netflix through their online chat option. I talked to some guy named Ricardo who assured me that he was "the man for the job." After I explained the problem and what I had done to try to fix it, he suggested that I try all the steps in the article (the things that I had done before) again and assured me that would fix the problem this time. He said that if I continued to have problems, I could contact customer service again but that I definitely wouldn't need to do that. Naturally, after I went through all the steps again, it still wasn't working. My second attempt at customer service (with another guy who had trouble understanding what the problem was) was even less successful. I really have no choice but to cancel Netflix since I can't play it the way I had been playing it for the last year and a half. I was appalled at how poor the tech support/customer service was.I have aSamsung 40" smart TV and many times the movie I selected crashes or constant loads is there any Firmware or software so I can update my TV.my URL is Comcast.On Saturday my son was unable to login to Netflix and I found my account was blocked. When I called Netflix they explained that was a problem they've been experiencing. He then reset my password but the reset email didn't go out (another issue the rep said they'd been experiencing). I was on the phone for more than 45 minutes trying to resolve the issue when I finally got frustrated and hung up. Two days later, I called customer service to see if they'd fixed their issues. They had and I'm finally on. They're resolution was to credit me for 2 days of viewing. What they should do, is pay me for 1 hour of tech support. This infuriates me and I'm going to look for an alternative to this service. Any organization that has customer service like this company deserves to be out of business.I do hope you keep a recording of conversations and I'm certain you an figure out from which this comment originates. The condescending person that responded to my call makes me want to tell everyone what a poor excuse you have for an employee.

Though I will continue to use your service it does make Amazon seem more attractive.Been having waaaaay to many problems with Netflix... don't here me wrong I like it due to the fact that I can watch a movie whenever I want but my problem is everyday or every other day I have to reset both my ps3 and my Netflix account and that's b.s.I'm ssure I'm not the only one who has had similar issues and the funny thing is my psps3 is 5 feet from the router.. yesterday there was ttechnical difficulties within Netflix and they charged my card 2 days early..I have been in contact with Netflix about this several times and it always end with me doinndoing the reset thing.I personally think a discount or freebie or something of the sort should be givenNetflix customer service is truly terrible. Their service has deteriorated and when one calls to report it they range from being defensive to condescending. The last Service Rep was downright rude. Not the person you want handling complaintsNetflix had great customer service. That has changed and not for the better. I called yesterday and spoke with a very nasty rep. He didn't understand what I was complaining about and I kept telling him I received a movie not on my queue. He said it was on my queue. It was not because I check my queue always before I send movies back. His bad attitude infuriated me so I cancelled my subscription. I guess they got too high and mighty. I think I might try Google PlayYou have the worst Ideas about people like

Guess what after a good mystery show I enjoy watching agood wedding WHICH YOU HAVE NOW TAKEN OFF.I have been a custmer for many,If Idon't here from your or see a fee changes I will have to move on.

Kathy Reed

please reply soonI always have problems signing into Netflix.called for help,changed password, gave up. In the mean time Verizon called me on phone saying they were going to credit my account for $38.00 and go to verizon.com and that's is all I got. She talk so fast and hung up, no chance to question anything. Does this has any corospondence with each other.10-16-2014 time 5:45 pm Hello my name is Pam Woltz and my # to call me back at is yes I would like for someone in the Netflix dept to give me a call back please for my problem that just came up on my credit card that you just charged it $ 11.00 when I have been paying around $ 7.00 every month so why in the heck is there such a big hike in the cost of it ?? I do hope someone will be calling me soon about this matter or I will have to take it off of my systems will some please call me :)I was being charged 2x a month unknowingly and I didn't notice for a while (mistake on my end) but Netflix won't refund me in full for the unused account.What Happened To Season 9 Of Criminal Minds!!



You Just Have A Season On There Then Randonly Decide "nope, Im Gunna Delete It And Piss Off My Subscribers"



If This Doesnt Get Fixed I Will Be Cancelling My Account Cause Im Getting Sick Of Netflix Pullin ThisIf your billing cycle ends within 1-2 days after a new mega hit DVD release date, you wil not receive that new dvd even though you listed it #1 in your queue. It was happening too many times; I finally canceled the DVD option. Don't waste your money. Local library is much more reliable. Besides, the customer service agents are so arrogant anyway.netflix customer service representatives were polite. Over the three months i took me to cancel, all three of them agreed that Netflix SHOULD reimburse me for six months of unauthorized charges, but they would only r credit me for three months. Due to a typo, they could see that an unused account was signed up for, then never used. Its only $32.00, but the idea that a company who has a near monopoly would have some of the worst customer service I have ever experienced, was insulting, and frightening. I cancelled. I was only asking for credit, where, as they said themselves, "credit was due" . I have never publicly complained before about anything!Netflix has been overcharging me for three years. I have never used their DVD service. When I signed up the DVD and streaming were together. They sent and email saying just $1 more for both when the separated them I have never gotten a DVD from them even once but they have told me they have been charging me double for the last three years and they refuse to do anything about it. They didn't give a whit when I cancelled. They got their money for service not provided and they can comfortably giggle to themselves that they got over on me. This is characteristic of a dishonest company.Company kept charging me even thouhe I cancelled them a year ago. I had to receancel todaylet me tell you something. i have been paying for netflix now for 3 months and i cannot even use it with my google chome cast .... what is up with this neflix... it keeps telling me oops cannot watch now choose another movie.... i can watch from U-Tube, Hulu free movies and the one that i am paying for i cannot watch.... what is going on.... i was on with chrome cast , comcast, for over 7 hours yesterday, and they cannot figure netflix out...i just tried calling the customer # there was a message to call and that is a 411 information # which i am sure i will be charged for., what is going on here. get back to me please asap or i will have to cancel this netflix... thank youWait until the last day of the cycle if you planned to cancel. Otherwise, they will delay your DVD shipment.Thought I Was Getting Some Support On That Help Owl, But I See All I Was Doing Was Venting To Others. I Feel We Got Screwed And There Is Only Places To Complain But Not To Solve The Issue Of Being Upset With Unfair Shorting Us Of Several Movies. You Don't Get A Movie Back And That Is Our Fault? We Mailed It And For Six Weeks We Were Shorted One Movie Until We Noticed. What About All The Lost Paid For Movies We Weren't Getting? Maybe Long Time Customers Don't Mean Crap To Those In Power. ShameWe are rather long-time customers; we had a DVD sent to us which we were going to watch on Sat. We found the DVD to be totally broken and unable to be used. I immediately informed Netflix of the problem on Sat. and was informed that a replacement would be sent at the EARLIEST POSSIBLE time. I was unable to send the DVD back of course until on Monday and expected to have a replacement b/f your receipt of the damaged DVD. Here I am informed that the replacement is being sent on Thurs. I think this is totally unacceptable since the damaged DVD was not at all our fault. Why wasn't a new DVD sent immediately instead of waiting until the damaged one was received?????? This does not speak well for your service.Hi all, I used to be a Netflix fan util I have to contact their costumer service..Very rude people answer the calls and despite they charge 10 times to my credit card that is not their problem! they deal in movies not in billing, that was the answer! looks like there is not a billing department in Netflix? how weird for a millionaire company. The funniest thing was that my bank told me this usually happens a lot in netflix, but they they told me this is not very common here, looks like after been reading several blogs this is very common!! very disappointing!Phoenix Netflix is taking way too long to mail DVD movies. Over and Over they have received the returned movie, then wait a full day to process it, then wait another day to mail the movie USPS. I have had 2 day service for over a year, and suddenly we have 4-5 or 6 day service. Please notify the Phoenix Netflix Office to gst their act together. Their service to the customer is SUB-STANDARD. ThanksI have been a longtime Netflix subscriber, But I feel you need to do a better job of providing your product. First of all the idea that you still stick with the streaming vs non-streaming format/option is BS! Also Amazon has a much better user interface and their recent improvements and additions makes it even better that Netflix. I believe Netflix is trying by adding some better programming and some improvements regarding the interface although a 10 second rewind is worthless and the fact that everything is not available by strwming is a pathetic bait and switch. You need to grow a pair and do the right thing. Figure out the price point and make decision and an announcement. I don't even have a DVD drive anymore. I have kept Netflix for my kids, but that won't last much longer. Amazon followed Netflix and now offers a much better overall product. I hop you don't ignore this comment, but I expect you might.Have you been cut off from Netflix since they upgraded their new format. Have you been given misinformation by their support people. Why are we their bug fix testers. Why do they use us like we don't matter. If we all don't complain they will keep treating us this way. Reach out and complain. They don't care how much of your time they waste!!!!Please please im begging you guys do not stop making hemlockgrove! It is by far my favourite show and you guys make it. It blows my mind in every way i just cant describe it. Now i have heard rumors that famke gets scared and hates blood blah blah suck it up your a amazing actress and possibly the director or whatever might not continue making more seasons. F that this is a master peace of a show please Netflix dont let them stop. K thanks your loyal customerVery poor service. I have been a customer since the service started. They have sent no movies this month despite my paying for 3 movies at a time. Customer service was friendly and cheery when telling me they dont order enough movies and since I already got some new releases in the past, they are sending other people the new releases they have. No resolution, no credit. What am I paying for?Netflix contacted me via E-mail to inform there was a problem with my PayPal account (there isn't) and that I needed to update my Payment Method. Though there is/was nothing wrong with my Paypal account (continues to work) I decided to switch to a Amex card, just to expedite the process.
I immediately received verification that my payment method (Update) was verified a success, I couldn't access my Netflix account!
HUH????
I decided to call their support which was a complete runaround with the Cust/Rep telling me there was nothing they could do to turn my account back on, as their credit dept hadn't yet received payment! HUH???
Let me get this straight....I am a customer for 2 full years, having allowed Netflix to access payment from my account without fail, and now, without warning, they severe access because their credit dept needs time to access my credit card funds?
What a fine business model these guys run! If there was ANY competition, I would cancel my account forthwith! They don't believe in customer satisfaction, or they would allow at the very least 24 hrs to sort out whatever issue they have on THEIR end!

Absolutely disgusting treatment of a once loyal paying subscriber!I called because I haven't be able to look at my account, when I log in it sends me to movies and it doesn't let me look for the telephone number it also sends me to movies. I haven't used the Dvd by mail service and I finally get to cancelled it , and Netflix will not give me credit for the months that I haven't used it. they told me NO CREDIT, keeping some ones money what would you call that!twice thought i had cancelled my account only to find out months later i am still paying for this service.Having found unauthorized users on my account while I was trying to watch, I found that a "sign off all devices" feature is indicated to take up to eight hours to take effect. I called customer service and was informed that it would take 15 minutes to resolve the issue. After thirty minutes of being unable to access my account, I called customer service again and was treated rudely and impatiently throughout the process (even being told that this was customer service and not tech support), at which point I was informed it would take at least an hour to remove unauthorized devices (my account was apparently hacked) from my account. It eventually took six hours to once again have access to my account.

It is fairly reasonable to expect an online streaming service to have the ability to quickly and efficiently disrupt the connection to any device and shocking that I was not offered any consolation or even courtesy for the ridiculous amount of time it took to remove unauthorized devices from my account.

As Amazon Prime's streaming library improves, I plan on leaving Netflix.I tried to sign in the other day because I have been with Netflix for years. It made me sign up again so this month I have been charged twice for Netflix. Once on 5/5 and once on 5/29. Please discontinue my second account and place the second charge you made for June's payment. Please get back to me by email or I will be calling later on today. Sincerely Sharma Smithits been more than 3 months since netflix put on more Mako Mermaids :An H2O Adventure episodes I am about to forget about this account if yall dont put no more of this shows or other new movies.Netflix UK has stayed the same for 2 years I should know I'm the neive idiot who believes they will upload new content don't bother mate I've signed up and cancelled 4 times never again, Netflix USA is much better and is worth 6 a month but the dns always fails when they catch on, not worth it, given up with streaming servicesI have canceled my Netflix in Jan but still seem to getting charged on my credit card each month



I would appreciate that this be taken care of asap and a refund for $7.99 for 5 months

Thank YOuThrough a mistake of my own, it appeared I had 2 different accounts. An automatic withdrawal was being taken for both monthly. The service representative and her supervisor were EXTREMELY friendly, professional, and helpful in resolving my issue. Though I was unable to recoup the total amount of overpayment, I did at least receive half, for which I am greatly appreciative.Thank you for your notice of price increase. I can't help but believe that this increase, though it is not for me right now, is an action as a result of your company partnering with comcast. They always want more money and they never deliver on the service the lie about providing.

When in two years my rate increases I will consider leaving because all comcast does and intends to keep doing is rip people off. They will swallow your company whole and It's too bad Netflix joined with such an unscrupulous corporation.

I can never have the same view of Netflix as I had prior to this horrible union it has made with a known predator. Maybe somebody thought this might increase profits for Netflix but it will increase profit for comcast. That company wants to get back customers it lost from cable then drive up the price for internet service and control streaming.

I hope HULU and other streaming services uses better judgment.This is for all the people complaining about being billed for a year or more and never using the account. Why should Netflix have to refund this money? If you join a gym and you pay for it for 2 years and never go, should the gym refund all the payments? Hell no! You are responsible for cancelling the membership and keeping track of your funds. Don't try and blame your laziness or pure irresponsibility on the company.It seems that when the price changed Netflix decided to go worst.
The DVD side is a scam that I just got tired of, the movies are never available, long wait scratched or unplayable on top of that they never seen to arrived to Netflix the day they supposed to even if you mail them by 4 pm the same day of arrival.
I just dropped the DVD side and I think the stream is not far behind, I am tired of bad service and excuses.My netflix stopped working on April 29'. The website is unavailable as well. So what are you supposed to do when this happens? Does netflix not have a customer service department?Im very upset in what just occurred. So i started a tv show called the secret life of the american teenager and as soon as the episode was over i clicked the arrow to continue to the second one. It closes down saying some sort of error had occurred. I restart the netflix page and search the show i was watching and it no longer exists?! What is this and why did it happen. Not impressed.You took $14.95 twice out of my account and was wondering why? If it was a mistake could please refund me one. Also i only have the streaming plan so the fee should only be $7.99. And not almost 15 that i was. Could you look intto think foe me? My phone is and my email is .please let me what happens i really appreciate you helping me in this.

thanks

Regina Sweckard.What's the point of subscribing to a streaming service when they are unable to provide sufficient speed to stream a tv show? What makes it even more ridiculous is that they are aware of the problem.The telephone call center in a one way road. That is you can contract them but they cannot make outbound calls.

I was trying to pay my bill. Their system failed and locked me out. I need to recontact them to fix their problem.

I did not get on sorry for your inconvenience. There concern was rather I understood what they said rather than was I satisfied. They could take some lessons from DIRECT TV.I have had a lot of trouble with Netflix lately. When I first got it, it was great! Then, about a year after I got it, things started going wrong. Whatever I was watching would stop to "load" every two minutes or so. An I have discovered that Netflix isn't putting full tv series on instant. The episode are all out of order and there are even episodes missing! I'm very disappointed. I would like to see all of a show, and in order thank you very much! I would very much like to know why they are keeping me from watching my favorite shows and movies. If this continues I'm going to take my business elsewhere.

Yours truly,
A disappointed userNetflix spawns the same yarn whenever i contact them to complain about constant stops and reloads. they like to blame the isp, in my case Comcast. when i tell the i have 50mbps service, and my blu ray is hardwired, initially they ignore it and talk about wireless connectivity issues. after i repeat several times it is HARDWIRED, they blame Comcast. then they say i should contact Comcast and have my signal rerouted. its all BS. And after i tell them the problem does not exist with amazon, youtube or crackle. they come back and say they just made a deal with Comcast to improve service...its about time but when will the Netflix customer see the service improvement...it would be great if all Netflix customers cancelled their service for a monthalright so just found out that netflix is going downhill spiral again cause there are no good movies to watch because netflix puts up movies on the free side that everyone has already seen a million times its boring watching all the movies we have seen netflix you need to put some good movies on the free side cause no one wants to watch crappy movies on the free side anymore netflix you can do better than thatWhy when you try and call corporate office you can not talk to any one at all, just asking ?cant get on to Netflix now when I do get on it freezes also tells me I am not connected and try again later I keep repeating procedures but nothing works for me

getting very frustrated

I used to pull the plug and re set it but that doesant work anymore

the box is 2yrs old I paid 100$ for it

JIM PENNERDear Mr. Reed Hastings. I hope that as a business man you take time to read my story and the below stories. In business, you need to be relational and realize that reputation is everything. These are real consumers who used your business in honest ways. We continue to see the fallout of US business because the words honesty and customer service are gone. I wish you well in your future with Netflix and would recommend searching/goggling all of the social media remarks and turning the stories into positive endings. I believe that all of the below stories of charging accounts wrongly occured within the time frame of your companies growing pains. It is our honest money that your company dishonestly took.

I found the following clip from an article Seeing RED published in Vanity Fair February 2012 interesting. This is a clip taken from the article written by Wiliam D Cohan.


Since this was not rocket science, it took about a nano-second for Netflix's 24 million or so customers to realize that they were being hit with a 60 percent price increase; what had once cost $10 a month would now cost $16. Even though the price to see a first-run movie in a theater on the nation's two coasts averages around $13 per ticket, the social networks and the blogosphere lit up with such instant fury you might have thought Hastings had dropped a nuclear device on his customers. Greg Heitzmann, a University of Missouri graduate, was typical of the nearly 13,000 people who went on the Netflix Blog to express their anger: "To say the least, I am shocked and appalled at your recent behavior," Heitzmann wrote. "Your nominal price increase, while unexpected, does not deter my loyalty. However, your mouthpiece Jessie Becker's presentation of this upcharge-as an added choice for my own benefit-insults my intelligence and reveals the breadth of your arrogance. Had I been treated like an adult and informed of these changes in a straightforward, honest manner, perhaps we could rekindle our spark. Unfortunately, this course of action is no longer available; your condescending and manipulative tone has irreparably ruined our relationship." Heitzmann canceled his subscription. He was not alone. More than 800,000 Netflix subscribers dropped the service within months of the July announcement.

As customers continued to flee, Hastings leapt into the fray to try to explain. "I messed up," he wrote on the Netflix Blog on September 18. "I owe everyone an explanation. It is clear from the feedback over the past two months that many members felt we lacked respect and humility in the way we announced the separation of DVD and streaming, and the price changes. That was certainly not our intent, and I offer my sincere apology."

"We weren't doing the price change to raise profits or something," he elaborated to me. "We were doing it because we were so focused on becoming the streaming company and the global streaming company that we always wanted to be, and always have wanted to be." He said that he sees the future of Netflix similarly to how big telephone companies see their futures in wireless, rather than in landline, phones. "Most companies that are great at something-like AOL dialup or Borders bookstores-do not become great at new things people want (streaming for us) because they are afraid to hurt their initial business," he wrote on the blog.
Taken from an article found by Googling Netflix CEO

Hastings took the blame for the failure to communicate better with customers. "In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success," he wrote. "But now I see that given the huge changes we have been recently making, I should have personally given a full justification to our members of why we are separating DVD and streaming, and charging for both. It wouldn't have changed the price increase, but it would have been the right thing to do."


Here is my story. My husband asked me about the Net Flex charges coming out of our checking account. I told him that after our last conversation about "budget cuts" I called to cancel the account with Net Flex via phone because the charges were going to double with the new pricing Netflix announced. Of course, Net Flex shows no record of this~ I went back into my archived emails and have not received any marketing materials via mail or email since the date of closing my account in 2012 So honestly,I considered this account closed. They continued to charge my account every month. Spoke to Home Office today and all they can do is say sorry and refund me 1 month. I asked politely to reconsider? look at my account do you see any activity? any emails to me? Even meet me half way? The answer reluctantly was sorry we don't but that is all we can do.

I found these too. Looks like I am not the only one. Customer service and long term profitability all rely on one thing~
HONESTY

I have been being charged twice every month on my credit card for Netflix service for 2 years now, ever since going to streaming instead of CDs. I called them and they said they only show that I was being charged once a month and said they searched their entire system and they have no other charges under my number. I called the credit card company and they investigated with me. They found that it had been going on since Jan. of 2012. This is now Jan. 2014. I didn't realize it had been that long. I procrastinated on this for a few months but they refuse to admit that they are double charging us. I cancelled that card number out of Netflix and we're still getting charged. I am out $191 so far, need to see if it comes through again this month. If someone decided to do a class action suit, I'm in as long as I don't have to lay out any more money.

Netflix has been double billing me for months (after I requested that the double billing be remedied). They were unable to find my double accounts via my name and had to check via the credit card #. They could have done this back in March when I called, but did not. They are now waffling about whether or not I will get a refund for anything else but last month's double billing. I will definitely cancel my membership if the refund is not for the complete amount. Especially since I've called about this problem already. This is not the way to keep customers.



Netflix over charged me for over a year by charging 2 different accounts even though one had no account activity on it. Once I finally realized it, I complained and was told they would only refund 2 months' worth of charges on one of the accounts. I told them to close the accounts so I would not be charged any more. After some time I wanted to sign up for Netflix to watch a show that is only available on cable which I don't have and Netflix. When I tried to sign up, I was told a permanent block was put on my debit card and my account was listed as having fraudulent activity. There was no fraudulent activity except on Netflix's account and I never told them to put a hold on my card. They refuse to take the block off of my card or take the fraud label off of the account. I suppose so they can try to justify overcharging me for so long.

The only people that will communicate with you are first level lackeys that keep repeating the same thing over and over. This company has horrible practices, horrible customer service, and no one who is willing to take responsibility for any errors they make. I understand I am just one of many who have been overcharged by this sham of a company and also not able to find someone who is willing to fix the problem. There's needs to be some oversight and investigation into Netflix.Netflix has been double billing me for 5 months. When I opened an account in August 2013 I accidently established an account as gmail.co I immediately corrected my mistake and established it with gmail.com They have been billing me on two different credit cards for one real account and one unused account since September. When I called customer service, they would only give me 2 out of 5 months credit. This was after talking to a manager. Abysmal customer supportNetflix has been great to my family. We have the 7.99 packet. We don't get movies. We would like and was told we could get any movie. That is what understand. Why don't we get what where told? Is there other packages? I also have asked about having the Bill be mailed to my home not out of my bank account? Thx for your time.Netflix has been billing me every month for the past 8 months even though I cancelled the service. I have spoken to their customer service people 3 times, and every time I am assured I would be reimbursed. I was reimbursed for one months' service after the first call. My card number was supposed to be flagged so it could not be restarted with that card number. After seeing all the complaints against them, I think it's time for a class action lawsuit if there isn't already one. Think I'll talk to a lawyer about that. Lawyers love that and Netflix needs to be taught a lesson.Netflix double charged me, on my debit card and credit card. Have tried for two months to get straighted out, now they say it was my fault so to bad. Even though the credit card never had movies watched or was used they still won't refund money. Amazingly argumentative and unfriendly reps! They put me off long enough so it was to late to get credit card company involed. Would never recommend this company, they will take your money for no services rendered and tell you it is your fault and be very rude to you doing it!!Maybe it's time for Netflix to upgrade to:

And revamping of there website would attract new customers, and also help

them keep their old customers just saying Netflix has been around since 1997 it's time for Netflix to have a major facelift.Your live chat is a joke. I've spent over 2 hours trying to sort out a technical issue, each person giving me different and incorrect information, and it takes a really long time for them to respond.

I'm cancelling and going to LoveFilm instead, Netflix is a joke, you can't rely on it.Two things: 1. Comments have apparently been removed from their blog, in entirety...meaning you can neither view previous comments nor add one of your own. This prevents anyone from viewing the overwhelmingly negative reception to my next gripe, the November 2013 release of a new UI. 2. The new UI, which is a total deal breaker for me. The day it hits my Roku 2 is the day I cancel Netflix. They refuse to listen to their customers and revert to previous UI or offer a choice between the two. Their business model has historically been and apparently continues to be *We'll do whatever we damned well please and the customers will damned well like it*. Their falling revenues appear to contradict this unspoken edict and the response to that is an unspoken threat to raise prices in a market they are already barely competitive in.The past three weeks, I have attemped to open the website and the browser will not work.
checked with Netflix via web customer service and received an Internet Explorer so-called solution. Tried it and it did not work.

Have been a member for umpteen years and this
is really a disaster with a web-site thay I pay for the privilege of using.Amazingly argumentative and unfriendly reps!

They start out all chipper and helpful but are actually grouchy as all get out as soon as you aren't happy.

I have service issues that are quite complex. I'm trying not to over-complicate things here but I am an expert network engineer (immodest but true) and tried to resolve issues with netflix performance.

After first telling them things like "yes, I restarted" and trying to bring the conversation up to a more realistic troubleshooting level I found they have no way to escalate an issue for further investigation. Essentially, they DONT want to solve it, just give the illusion they will.

Netflix wants to point the finger at 1)My isp
2)my equipment 3)sunspots and tides

As soon as you provide clear evidence that the problem is them, they turn really hostile!

They wont let you speak with any technical staff so you can at least use technical language.

They provide no tracking number, no trouble ticket number, no way to track your issues for future resolution or get any followup.

If you try to resolve issues through online chat, then call...they will have no record of anything you said or did through the chat--meaning chatting is a total waste of time. Just call for any hope of resolution.

They refuse (even after acknowledging issues)
to provide any service credit.

Flatly deny the thousands of similar service complaints easily found in a google search and say its isolated and strictly "your problem, nobody else is having issues." In short, they lie.

Time for Amazon video---now there's a company that knows how to provide customer service!Review written by Sherrielee.johnson@gmail.com.

I would like to compliment CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVE, MEGHA for excellent service that was professional, friendly, seamlessly efficient, easy to talk to and who sorted my problem the first time and provided me with extra solutions through an alternative method in case any issues had to occur. Im extremely happy, if this is what i pay for then its money well spent!!!! Please give me feedback once Megha receives this compliment!Nothing but praise for the gal on the phone she was superbU-Verse raising the bills was why I Came to Netflix, but "Daredevil" is why I've been Crazy Recommending your Service to Everyone!!

MORE Daredevil!

SOON!!

Thanks.Netflix has just added the most wonderful large
selection of Classic TV Shows. I am thrilled. Thank You for the incredible service you provide in entertainment.I love, love love Netflix. Not a complaint but suggestion. We need more Orange is the new Black. I am finished the season already. Wish it could come out every 6 months. .I've contacted netflix customer service via chat twice and had nothing but amazing friendly fast service! Issues resolved in one session only and the chat reps were very positive and didn't sound like the typical droids that are out on every website these days.They processed my refund very quickly, and they didnt even have to! It was my mistake and they went ahead and gave me my money back anyway!Please install a tv guardian for families who do not use profanity. I enjoy watching movies, but I can't watch them if they are word or the GD words. Please take in consideration most people don't talk like this. Please reply JoeyOur Netflix service was unavailable for several days. After trying to solve the situation on my own, I called the Tech Support number and was connected with Justin who was extremely helpful and was able to help me reconnect to the Netflix channel. Unfortunately, we got disconnected on the telephone while he was helping me, but I was far enough into the procedure to finish the procedure and am happy to say that we are once again able to watch the wonderful movie and television selections that Netflix offers. Thank you to Justin.I am highly satisfied with customer service. I just love netflix. My wife uses it all the time and I watch it with her.I've been a Netflix subscriber for 8 years. I had a contact with Netflix customer service tech support tonight, the second time I have had need for tech support in past 4 months. In both instances, I was shocked by the extremely high quality of their tech support. In an age when "customer service" is a very poorly understood concept, Netflix tech support greatly exceeded my expectations. The tech support guy tonight, Zachary, solved my problem within 10 minutes. I don't recall the name of the support guy 4 months ago but he was equally brilliant, helpful and customer oriented.

Whatever else may be said about Netflix as a corporation-- their billing practices, their industry affiliations, whatever-- I can say with out a doubt their tech support is TOP Notch, Grade A, Blue Ribbon, top shelf. In the 2 interactions I have had with them; I can say that the staff is extremely competent, professional, intelligent, professional, courteous, and most important... they SOLVED MY PROBLEM. In both instances the problem was NOT a Netflix-caused problem. But they solved it anyway, to help me enjoy their service.

These employees won't last long. They are too intelligent, competent and skilled to last long in tech support. Pretty soon they will move on to positions that are better compensated, which they richly deserve.

I just wish the Netflix tech support management would be hired as consultants to many many many many other enterprises.

Health insurance companies would be a great start.Would be nice to be able to email someone there. I have been experiencing the "because you watched...." Rows to much. I have had days that all the rows have said that. Don't want to watch documentary's or TV shows all the time. What happened to the different categories (like horror, comedy, ect.). I am using an older roku Lt and I can't switch different users would be nice to be able to. If there was an update or upgrade for the roku Lt that would take care of switching different users and able to go to different categories that would be great. Thank you for your time.



User nameI've never had a single problem with Netflix in the 8 years I've used the service. Back in the days that I was getting DVDs, if there was a problem, they fixed it immediately, often sending out an additional DVD to replace a scratched one while I had my limit in hand. Since going 100% to streaming, I've been nothing but pleased with the service. I have used it on 3 Macs, 2 PCs, Roku, PS3 and my iPhone, and have never once had to call customer service for any problem.I just had the best experience with Netflix customer service! I have to say I was blown away how easy it was to: 1. Get in touch with them with no waiting. 2. Have my problem solved instantly. 3. Very polite and easy to please Employees. Yay! I was dreading the phone call. Usually I write to complain about a company, so I think its only fair to praise a company when they offer great customer service, which is so rare these days.The netflix customer service team never fails to put a smile on my face! They are friendly and can always help me with my issuesI have no problem with Netflix except that I would like more movies to be added to the instant play! Movies like The Sound of Music! It would be great if it was an instant play!My experience with Netflix has been 100% positive, in fact I'm sort of amazed how quickly they get the DVDs to me. How do they do that??? I live in the boondocks, for sure. In all matters they've been quite helpful and understanding, and a couple of my local pals agree. And the price is right. What more do people want nowadays?Outstanding. I was put through to a customer service rep in less than 30 seconds. He was extremely helpful and business was taken care of quickly.talked to someone called Liss on the netflix online chat help, she was very patient and helpful and managed to help me fix the problem. She explained all the technical stuff that I didnt understand and was very helpful! overall very good customer serviceYou need more updated movies and not just the first sequel. We have seen all of what you have.I'm looking for even all sequel s to X files, all of army wives, etc.I can go to the library and get what I'm getting from you. I'm going to try it for a little longer and see if it changes.I just wanted to write to brag on NetFlix customer service agent "Cesar". I wrote in via chat about a problem I was having with the NetFlix app, and he quickly resolved that, but it caused an issue with Apple TV. Rather than simply saying his part was done & directing me to Apple TV help, he stayed online & chatted with me for the next hour & a half to resolve the Apple TV issue as well. Well done, NetFlix!8.00-12.99+tax. A month.
Every other service moves their libraries too, or doesnt share.

10 years ago, I gave up on cable.
5 years ago, I picked up Netflix.
If I dont watch it in time, it may come back.
It may not. Depends on how selfish hollywood gets.
We should all share.

For 25 bucks at blockbuster you got unlimited dvds. Slowly they rolled out no fees.
Too late. They crumbled.

For the same price, you can get the mid level streaming and a dvd mailing service. Cancel and rejoin either anytime. Prepaid service.

Netflix ate blockbuster.your not going to find every movie you want. (Didnt get every movie you wanted everytime)
But there is a lot there.
Netflix will get it eventually.
Or another service wont share.

Netflix originals rock my world.
Marvel deals aplenty.

Netflix does everything it can to make it better, create content for everyone, and share.

Customer service is delightful. I was frustrated. I listened, it was fixed when I did what I needed to.
Educated me when I asked, or found my answer.
We tested a bit.
Turns out it was my connection.

When they are down, they post it at the help site. Honest.

I dont have to call often.
Get a good device. Smart tvs are clunky, wont get one again.regular hd tv is fine. Pick your picture quality.
Fire tv. Love it.


So in other words, they are getting better all the time.

Netflix for life.I have no complaints about the service on Live Chat, but was terribly disappointed to find that I can't have subtitles on British programmes - apparently (if I understood correctly) because it would cost more. In Britain we have disability discrimination laws and subtitles for the hard of hearing should be available on all programmes. I was so happy with Netflix until I tried to watch British programmes, now I shall have to look into its competitors.Thank u Brandon for helping me get Netflix up and runningI was beyond furious when I called Netflix ready to cancel. I was caught off gaurd by the reps delightful intro and couldnt stop laughing. He was very patient and knowledgeable. Not only did did he fix my issue which wasnt even Netflixs fault but he made my day awesome. Thank you so much AWESOME SCOTT!!!!I had a GREAT experience with Netflix's Help Center Live Chat. Totally unexpected (assumed it was an automatic response system - but it's not!). Bracken - shout out to you and helping me out completely. This person was able to help me out with my Netflix casting to Chromecast problems. I'm hoping the chat transcript comes through to my e-mail so I can post it and share for everyone to see. Problem was solve in under 5 minutes. Thanks again if anyone from Netflix is reading this!I can generally resolve most of my tech problems, so my interaction with NetFlix support is limited to two calls. Each call was a pleasant experience, the support personnel were friendly and answered my questions immediately. I was shocked to find the my positive experiences were a rarity.Hands down best customer service I've ever dealt with. I forgot to cancel on the first and a couple days later did so. I went to chat to ask if there's any way I could be reimbursed since I canceled. No questions asked she immediately reimbursed me. She was so nice about it I was very shocked! Great company! Great service! Honestly I hope Netflix takes over cable companies. Mediacom charges 10x as much for 100 channels of crap. Netflix Keep doing what your doing!look I'm a subscriber to Netflix my only thing some of the movies but you guys have some movies that been on there way too damn long I mean The Man in the Iron Mask I love that movie but you guys took it off after 2 to 3 weeks I mean white chicks hell how many months has that movie been on there. Robotech is another one didn't get to watch a single episode that's my fault for not watching it the time I saw it but I don't like when you guys get f@#ked up comments in I don't work for you but I love your service step your game up by the way if you going to put on Dredd make sure you show Judge Dredd Karl Urban was good but Stallone in the best and under the cherry moon was a good movie too just think about it...i once again love your service try to get newer "movies step your game up.f**k the haters&#128515;&#128522;How many of those who complained really took the time to read the "terms of use" before signing up for Netflix..? NOT MANY
Netflix is a subscription based company which means they charge you every 30 days unless YOU cancel(just like a magazine)they will continue to charge you. It's funny that people who say they were charged for 2 years and didn't know? Netflix should NOT be accountable for you being irresponsible with YOUR MONEY! Also Netflix ONLY provides the(MOVIES)its not the company's fault your internet connection or device is not up to PAR. I've had Netflix for many years and never once had an issue with customer service or service. Great job NETFLIX!Netflix,
I would just like to say that your customer service was brillant. No only was the women that i was talking to lovely, but she was patient as our phone connection wasnt brillant! She managed to sort of out the problem i was having very quickly! As someone who works with customers, I can say that she has a very friendly voice that customers can trust!They did what geek squad couldnt. they fixed the problem (conection issues to internet(why i called geek squad) on both netflix and other websites.I just got off the phone with customer service. My phone call was answered in about 30 seconds and I was greeted by a very pleasant and helpful man by the name of Tristen. He fixed my situation in not more than a minutes time and the conversation left me smiling and in an overall good mood. So I got his name again so I could take a minute to write this comment out as thanks for such a pleasant experience. The world we live in right now doesn't have enough of customer care employees like the gentleman I am referring to. Thank You again for such great service which is why I love being a netflix customer!I am furious that my daughters favorite show "Trotro" is no longer available... neither is "Taratabong, Land of the Melodities"... she was to the point where those shows are the only ones that calmed her before bed and now BOTH OF THEM ARE GONE JUST OUT OF THE BLUE WITH NOW WARNING?! I ask her if she wanted to wtch trotro only to find myself in the center of a meltdown when i couldnt find it...the least Netflix could do is monitor our recemntly or as an email to I us if preferred shows are going to be removed. This is horrible cutomer service.... JUST HORRIBLE!!!Netflix customer service is exemplary...always pleasant, knowledgeable, courteous, and helpful.I just have to compliment your customer service. I am SO impressed !
Every time I call, the wait time is less than a minute and you have such friendly and knowledgable staff.!


You really have great employees and keep up the great work!
My account email address is brightangelhiker@aol.com.I have never talked to someone so nice in customer service support. I spoke to two different people and they were both exceptionaly nice. Very happy with netflixGeez. I forgot the expiration date on my credit card and we wanted to watch Gunsmoke. I mean literally, as soon as I hit the enter key and updated my credit card, the show started. Talk about fast. Thank you NetFlix.Please Add To Your Selections Some 70's And 80's Nightly Or Weekly Soap Opera Type Of Drama. Etc, Knots Landing, Dallas Series I Know I Would Like To Just Sit And Watch These Classics.

Thank You For Your Time
Gloria Hardin

Netflix Customer.Oh and there are a lot of negative comments on here about Netflix, but anytime I have a problem which is rare, they quickly and kindly help me! I find something new to watch everyday, yes I watch tv everyday, good selection could have more but honestly you are paying 8 bucks a month that's less than a meal for two at mcdonalds! And it's a lot cheaper than cable! And it's stupid to get mad when they don't have a certain movie or show you want, idk how it works but I'm sure not everyone would be ok with their show or movie being on netflix for a bunch of people to watch for pretty much nothing example,, if Netflix had friends I wouldn't of bought it on DVD!I love Netflix! Customer service is awesome. They helped me faster then I thought possible it was great! Thank you so much!!!Followed your instructions, guy picked up in no time. took the time to discuss buffering issue and made some suggestions that actually helped!I have never got so much for so little. English speaking customer service and on hold for 30 secs. Amazing.Love netflix. Best company to work with. I work with them daily and have never had a problem. Just remember, it states in their terms and conditions, the trial is not a "free trial". It states in their terms and conditions. :) thanks netflix. love you allWorking for netflix has good and bad things about. I see a lot of comments about money not being refunded or just one month being refunded. Some people get annoyed by it and i totally understand how that can be a problem, but when it all comes down to it, YOU YOURSELF SHOULD PAY ATTENTION TO THE MONEY BEING TAKEN OUT OF "YOUR" ACCOUNT. So yes you were charged 12 months, it is not netflix's fault you just now realized your account wasn't cancelled. So keep track of your own financial issues and you will have no problems.Very pleased with customer service -- problem not solved but service tech recommended I change browsers and I will do so, hope to resolve problem that way.Netflix customer service is absolutely fantastic. Quick, no scripts. The rep i spoke with sounded like he loved working there and actually cared about helping me. I wish all customer service experiences were the same.I just joined yesterday and my family is really enjoying it. I also would like to say that Netflix has the nicest and most helpful customer service dept. I have ever dealt with. I have called 3 different times with questions and every person I talked to was so nice and helpful! Thank you!I went online to the chat and was connected to a Rep within minutes. She was friendly, courteous and very helpful. Thank you so much Crystal.You were fantastic!im a new costumer. so far so good . i have no problem. watching movies. . i think the problem is internet provider.... but other than that . is awesome.I've found NetFlix customer service to be very good overall. Any time that I've received a disc that wouldn't play they've sent a replacement right away. When I've contacted customer service with billing questions or account questions I've found them very helpful.
When they changed to Silverlight recently I didn't have as good of an experience but the customer service reps responded quickly and tried to assist the best that they could.Okay, I contacted asking about info on why "Hey Arnold!" and other Nick shows were going off NetFlix. I contacted through online chat. A woman named Tiffany responded. She responded in detail, quickly, and was willing to answer my other questions. I love NetFlix, and I also love "Hey Arnold!". It meant a lot that she was able to answer my questions.I had two separate charges within days. Turns out I have a DVD account and a streaming account. After finding out why. I cancelled my DVD account. Problem resolved!I had been trying to hold out on contacting customer service the longest I could, because usually it was horrible. Not this time. There was a man named Karl that was extremely helpful. Not even five minutes and it was fixed. He looked up a link for me to go to fix it and everything. I was very, VERY satisfied. And they don't make it hard to get a hold of anyone. Numbers and live chat are clearly placed.Every contact with real NetFlix person has been ideal.I think Netflix is great. Customer services are fantastic, they are so friendly over the phone, which personally I feel is difficult to find these days. Great for watching films or TV shows and very easy to use. Its the little things like the "top 10 for you" and "Because you've watched", and all the other categories, that make a difference. Its a lot easier to find a film you will enjoy, if you don't know what your looking for. I also like how it records your account, so if your watching a series and you watch it on your phone then your computer and it will catch up to were you last where on either device. Yeah some of the films are older, but there still great movies.

I can't actually complain about there service ,great value for money.I had netflicks on my nook and never used it, I was having difficulty canceling my account because on the Nook it was an app and I didn't really have a log on screen. I googled and found this website w/ a contact Number. My call was answered in under 2 minutes and the young lady that took my call quickly canceled my account and refunded me this month's cost. Now as long as I get the email confirmation & refund that this occured and I can say I'll be 100% satisified.Netflix support is helpful. they helped me right away!
check this out.
deanmarkstories.blogspot.comThe automated question I was asked when I called in with a problem was not clear: Did you want me to say I was satisfied with the resolution of the problem? Yes I was. The young man solved the problem right away. However, I was not satisfied in relation to the reason I had to make the call to customer service. The question should be rephrased, and I would prefer that the customer service agent ask the question so elaboration can be made.

Also, your customer service phone number should be on every Netflix screen. I had to do some hunting to find it.

E. E. PinkettMine is working today....Thank you Netflix staff for pulling the Santa shift and getting it done!! Merry Christmas to all of youSo happy with netflix's service, these guys will really bend over backwards to help you fix your problems, spoke with a rep today and i must say if all of netflixs reps are awesome! If your only complaint about netflix is a freakin giftcard that says Merry Christmas, then use hulu!I had a hard time attempting to sign-in to me account with Netflix and the Rep who assisted me was so helpful she walked me through every step to get me started and even assisted me with getting my Nook connected to Netflix. I had a wonderful experience with her professionalism. Keep up the good work!I am a fairly long term [five years plus] subscriber to NetFlix and have been consistently pleased with both the selection of movies / television series available and the customer service.
PLEASE remember that NetFlix is NOT [with the exception of the kinda related Red Envelope Films] a movie studio OR a DVD creation source... they are a means to receive RENTAL copies of DVDs that are commercially available in your country; this means that for newer titles the Special Features and such MAY be limited or not present.
As an earlier poster says READ THE TERMS!We would like to thank Netflix for its great service and convenience. As for Netflix vs Directv, our position is shows and movies from Netflix and the great picture we get with our Directv, we're loving it.Hi just wanted to say in between all these complaints I have not had a single problem with my account and I thank you for you service I really wish the Simpsons were available on instant play but I really enjoy being able to watch my shows after I get of work at 3am so it is awesome keep up the great workI just had a slight issue regarding that only having used the free trial once (I'm very busy), I decided to cancel it. To my dismay, I found I missed the end of my free trial by 40 minutes! I called (and didn't have to wait long at all I might add) and spoke to a very nice woman named Morgan who was more than happy to resolve the issue. It's nice calling and hearing someone who genuinely sounds happy to help out. Thank you Morgan, you're the best!I have always found Netflix to be one of the easiest and most accommodating companies as far as questions and problems are concerned. Maybe this varies by region? I've never experienced the horror show encounters mentioned by others here. Wait time on phone always less than a minute and problems always easily resolved.My issue was resolved quickly and I also found out about the free movies! thanksi sent back a dvd and never recieved a new one in the mail. I didnt even realize it until a few weeks later. I was worried that i would be charged for a lost dvd so i called to find out the process. No questions they marked it lost and sent out a new one the next day. GREAT service!CALLED THE NUMBER AND SPOKE TO AN AMERICAN WITHIN A MINUTE. MY PROBLEM WAS SOLVED IN TWO MINUTES!!! THANK YOU NETFLIX!!! SO NICE TO HAVE A COMPANY WHOSE CUSTOMER SERVICE HOTLINE IS NOT OUTSOURCED TO INDIA!!!Just called Customer Service and was amazed to actually speak to someone. I was on the phone less than 2 minutes before the representative picked up. She was very courteous and very helpful.

Thank you Netflix!!very helpful-nice-quick and polite/best customer service ever and did not have 2 wait an hour/give my girl a raise! i love NETFLIX!!! just dont wait too long to bring back newer seasons of our favorite shows. love u guys-keep up the good work but dont go up on the price/suggest you 2 everyone i know.satisfied customer!I called this number, received a live answer within a minute and resolution within 2 minutes. Thank you NETFLIX for not outsourcing to India!for some reason the free trial worked but when i paid for it it took double the money off my card and still couldnt watch movies a week later my money was put back on my card and i tried to start over i paid my bill watched one movie and my netflix was off again i call coustomer service and found out i was being charged $21 instead of $7 but a very nice man calmed me down cause i WAS about to get crazy on the phone and say things long story short thank you Walter!I called my wait time was less than a minuet super nice was able to give me the info I needed and then some. Very niceMy call was answered in exactly the amount of time announced. The technician was patient, knowledgeable, very helpful and fixed my connection problem quickly.I have been trying to contact curt penningtor to let him know what a damm good job a tech by the name of RICKY #rf7794 did to get my u-verse internet back in good working order. the first tech that came out said there was nothing he could do,and canceled the order, I think that was on 7-30-12, I called back to teck support, talked with sales dept. they said a tech would be here 8-6-12, no one showed up. I called back and they said they had no order listed,someone droped the ball on that! set me up a new date and time 8-8-12, RICKY SHOWED UP AND HAD IT IN GOOD SHAPE WITHIN AN HOUR. Thank you RICKY. now a happy customer againWonderful help, fix my problems in minutes.
Thanks, judybJim The Consultant Helped Me Right Away. The Service Could Not Have Been Better.I tried to logon to Netflix on my computer and it said the date on my computer was wrong (it was'nt) and nothing would play. I called the customer service number it said to call if it didnt start working. Although I waited on hold for about 5 minutes, the guy (I forget his name) knew EXACTLY what to do to fix the problem. He was extremely friendly and fixed the problem within a matter of minutes... I've had some pretty great and pretty terrible experiences calling customer service before. This was by far one of the best! Thanks :)I wanted to thank all of the people who have helped me at Netflix. I bought a streamer & Netflix was very helpful with getting it setup & the D LInk people were NOT. I am returning the streamer & getting multiple dvd's instead. Allan was the most helpful & I want to thank all of the people who helped me. Judith AbarI just submitted a negative comment about Netflix, then read another comment that had come in. THAT comment provided me with numbers I needed to call! I called the 866-716-0414 number, and a delightful young man named Jeremy took care of everything for me; he was respectful, kind, compassionate as to what I had been through, and my experience was a very pleasant one, once I was able to find a number and talk with someone. So, I am putting up a high five to Netflix customer service! unhappyinfairfax is not so unhappy anymore! :)I have been a faithful customer for both streaming and DVD's. The only way to express an opinion to Netflix is by calling customer service who do a very good job, but unclear if comments are passed on to the powers that be. However, there is no vehicle for general customer comments. It seems like they do not care about their customers opinions or suggestions to improve the product. For one example, it is etremely difficult to determine which episodes of a seriers are available in streatming or DVD only.April helped me update the system through the wii updates. She was awesome and walked me through the whole thing. I was very pleased with the customer service.I just cancelled my DVD service and kept streaming service, I had just been drafted for both and the agent went ahead and credited my account for next month so i owe nothing. I have always, always talked with someone withing 2 minutes of calling and have never had any issues.I just wanted you to know, how happy I am with your services, especially customer services.It wasn't until after I'd posted my angry comment concerning all these charges from Netflix, when I found the phone number for the customer service right here on your site!
Naturally, I called immediately. The two people I spoke to were both very professional and kind. It will take at least 3 business days before I hear back and another 3-4 days before it is resolved completely, but it sounds promising that I'm being dealt with in a responsible, prompt and just manner. Sorry for my harsh comments earlier.......Friendly, effective help from Luke. Answered three questions. Very knowledgeable and helpful.I was just assisted by a polite and friendly rep that was helpful. Thanksjust outage over the entire network. Chris just did an awesome quick answer.Love netflix and never really experience any technical problem. I have been a customer with netflix for years even when you guys just lauched and only worked by mail 3 movies at a time no late fees. It would be great if you guys would add a suggestion box on all devices so that you know what viewers what to watch. I also feel that there should be more up to date movies and t.v show (including all seasons) even if that mean a little rise in the price. Here are my suggestions "AGAINST THE WALL samuel l jackson , LOVE OF HIP HOP ATLANTA vhi, BAD GIRLS CLUB oxygen. Thanks for adding white collar !!! your loyal customer abbyVery nice. Refunded my grandpa's unused account for many prior months.Just called Netflix and asked them about a discount for the inconvenience with being down. They said sure and offered 10%. I said I am aware someone received 50% off their next billing statement and the customer service rep him hawed a bit but gave me 50% off for the next billing cycle. Thanks LukeL for my extra 4.00 dollars next month. :0)Called customer service this morning and they gave me 50% off next month's bill! Netflix is always great about refunds!Outstanding service troubleshooting LogitechRevue.always friendly & excellent customer service.I received immediate assistance by dialing "0" When I stated we were returning to cable service and were discontinuing netflix I was not met with a hard sell tatic. Thanks Netflix for your entertainment service in our home
God BlessVery great service EVERYTIME I have an issue. Couldnt be better so far.You guys are a bunch of noobs ...... First of all most of these comments are problem from the UK because in america we log into our account Click contact customer support and are immedatly give in the phone number... and a service code so they can IMMEDATLY bring up your account....if you would read on google you must be in USA OR UK not in Australia.....American customer support is superb idk about UK supportCalled customer service tonight reached a live person within 1 min. Very satisfied with the feedback that was given.So far I have had no problems with NetFlix, I actually enjoy there service and find they are very honest with there customers. I would recommend NetFlix to my friends... Keep up the great work!Netflix has always been great for me. Received a DVD in the mail that was cracked and I was worried they would think that the broken DVD was of my doing and charge me for the disc. I called them and he was super friendly. He told me he would send me another DVD along with my next in queue after that...expedited. SOO happy with that. After the price hike I went streaming only. Everyone complains of content but for $7.99 can you beat it? Broaden your horizons and watch something outside of what you would normally watch. You might be suprised! Theres tons of things to watch.Great Service. Had a question about why they didn't get movies on the day the DVD came out. A rep named Graveyard Jim (He Works Night) explained the whole thing to me. As long as companies sell boat loads of DVD's they aren't going to let Online movie services give it to subscribers till they made some good money from dvd sales. Jim was funny,knowledgeable and spoke perfect English. I wanna call again just to talk.Netflix is a great company their customer service helped me out so much. I have no problem using netflix at home and I think they have a good wide varity of movies. Thanks netflix keep up the good work.Can't see why people are complaining. I am on the basic plan and I watch movies galore! I have not encountered a single problem with NETFLIX.

I was able to talk to a live person once and it was a fine experience; not a long wait, very courteous and very helpful in solving a small glich - like looking back at the names of the movies I have seen.I always have had excellent results with netflix all american no outsourcing customer service.I have contacted Netflicks twice now and both times have had great customer service and not much of a wait. I am not real happy about paying twice the amount for mail movies and streaming, so I may look elsewhere. Otherwise, i really like Netflicks.I had a difficult time yesterday changing my e-mail address and other information to Netflix. Timothy was a great help and walked me through all the steps. If he is an example of your employees, you're doing a great job!
Thanks, KateAlso, my problem was solved by the time I got up the next morning. I put a call in around 9pm and by 9am everything worked fine. The first double episode of the series was even available again and that had been down for weeks prior to my phone call.

I'm certainly not going to drop Netflix because I was slightly inconvenienced for a couple hours and had to find something else to do. I took the opportunity to catch up on some reading.I was also receiving the "please try again" message. After several attempts, I called Netflix, and was able to quickly solve the problem by signing-off and signing back in. So nice to have an
actual good customer service.I had the same issue and I was able to resolve it. It appears to be a TV problem. The Netflix App actually linked to an incorrect acct on netflix. What you have to do is deactivate your Netflix acct on the TV and reactivate it. Belwo is the explanation how from LG for my tv.

Ana: I would be glad to help you with that. To deactivate the Netflix you need to select the Premium + the Green button in the TV remote, it will take you to a reset tab, please select it and select Netflix - deactivateThe best customer service I have ever encountered - and I have called several times a year for the past 2 years, Every agent was knowledgeable and pleasant!As a new user of Netflix I have had to contact customer support a few times. Every time I have been able to reach support quickly and love the USA support provided.
My only complaint is that we do not find many new releases. I am on a free trial period and have been told more current titles are within the non-streaming subscription. I have the streaming directly to the television which is nice but with only older movies we may cancel after the free service expires or just switch to the mail subscription program.I have just contacted them about Samsung SmartTV Netflix app issues and apparently it's a general problem and they are working on it. I got connected to a live person in 30 seconds.I have been having issues with Netflixs' app on the Samsung UN55D7000LX.

I called Netflix and they were polite, courteous, and we even joked throughout the call. They and I knew it was probably Samsung's fault, but it wasn't really said (they didn't want to place blame). That said, they couldn't do much, but ran me through every option they could even think of. Even gave my account to the tech department for an hour!

In the end, all we could think was for me to re-do SAMSUNG's firmware update. They did their best in getting me there. Throughout multiple calls, I was going to Samsung to figure out how to do parts they suggested.

Turns out they solved Samsung's problem because Samsung refused to.

Thank you, Netflix.I've never had a problem with them! I was having problems with my service and had to call them about 3 times one night and they were polite, kind, knowledgeable and friendly to me and helped fix my problemIt was really great experience and quickly resolved my problem.I have had NetFlix for a year and four months and this is the first issue I have had with it. I went from paying $83.00 a month for satellite down to $8 ish. I can wait for a little bit. Thanks for giving me an alternative that is way cheaper for my family.I have not rec'd a movie for Nov 16 as yet. I spoke to a rep on Wed. when i look at my acct it says I am not due a movie till Dec 16. something is in error. The rep assured me that Fast Five would be shipped but no e-mail confirming this as yet. I will check my e-mail after 2 pm today, Thursday. Thank youLarge catalogue of films. My wife and I favor the black and white oldies, and Netflix has 'em all. I give Netflix two thumbs up.I really love Netflix I chosed it over my local cable provider and wouldnt change it. The only suggestion I have is that you add House to your line up of TV shows. Thats the only one Im missing. Please consider for a loyal customer. My wife is nagging me somewhat awful.I called because I was annoyed at the price increase to $17.10 per month. They were polite and gave me a one month refund and I switched to only streaming service at $7.99 per month.I had a DVD that was lost in the mail, but at the same time I wanted to cancel my whole account. I was please when I called and they said I would not be liable for the DVD and also they would refund my last month of service... I will definitely use netflix again, just when I have some more time to watch it! Great Service!Had 2 switch from getting one DVD a month plan & now it's back to7.99$ it took avsecond and they were nice & credited me back!!!I have always had good customer service. I'm disable, gave up cable and I use Netflix 24/7. Once I got a bad DVD on a Friday, lefted message, email me back and received a replacement on Tuesday along with my two regular DVDs.Needed to change my plan to online streaming service only. Was done quick. Talked to a human, not a machine which is a nice customer service experience. Overall satisfied.I am truly satisfied with netflix's service. Their customer service is fast and really accommodating. Plus their charge is cheap compared to other competitors. Have a wonderful day!

www.movie-streaming-review.comThis is the best bargain that i ever seen $8 bucks a month is a real deal.I only had it a short time but so far 100% satisfied ,and then some.I just started a post on facebook highly recommending it to all my buddies,and the comments and questions are rolling in.So far i have watched lots of documentaries,old,and new movies,and they all stream very well with a nice picture and sound.Some of the older ones like "planet of the apes" was clearer than when i seen it when it came out.Love it is all i can say.One HD connection from a laptop or PS2 TO YOUR TV AND PRESTO,WATCH ALL YOU WANT.gotta love that.

Robert S.Netflix has always done me good. When I had to cancell due to moving they gladly gave me back the previous 2 months of my fees and cancelled right of way. When I got settled in and returned to netflix they happily reactivated my account and gave me one month free for my return. I am very satisfied.I have never had a issue reaching a live person and have always been satisfied with the service I receive. In today's busy world you should aniticpate a wait and consider it a blessing if you are in fact answered promptly. Everyone seems to be in such a hurry. It may be the customer's attitude that leaves he or she feeling unsatisfied. Did you consider that? I plan to keep using the streaming part of my netflix plan. Have a wonderful day!I just cancelled my membership today. This was due to the way Netflix has doubled the price and changed the service. Also the low grade new movie releases. The Netflix service was great but has really gone down hill recently. I will be looking for alternatives to your service. Sorry, but i am not happy with your latest bad business move.I love netflix will continue to be a customerI have had very few problems with Netflix, including the streaming quality. I think a lot of the problems people are having is due to their internet connection...not Netflix.I don't care what anyone has to say about Netflix that is negative, Netflix is AWESOME. I've been hooked since the free trial. I'm so spoiled on netflix that I'm thinking of cancelling my cable and just keeping the internet so I can use my netflix on the tv. The price CANNOT be beat and I've experienced nothing but OUTSTANDING customer service any time I've ever called.The best customer service that I know!My only complaint at present is the fact that "Contact Us" does not allow a suggestion. I would like to ask that "Bergerac" with John Nettles be available to either download via Instant Queue or being offered as a DVD.

Thank you,
Anna SI am pleased with your product, and services. About 99% of the time the online programs work well with only a drop streaming usually on old or non-american movies.

The mailed disc meet with a USPS accident from time to time from their rough handling.


In general I am well satisfied with your services (not pleased with recent to come rate hike, but NOT leaving because of that amount.Self-serve and ease-of-use are best in class. Netflix actually proactively contacts me when they think they may have fallen short on service. Note to Netflix: I used to use Comcast/Xfinity, my expectations are low. You have yet to disappoint!Netflix website and App are now horrible. I am about ready to give up my subscription. I HATE it when you cannot contact support via email only calls. Very poor customer support!Thank you for your help in activating our streaming of movies. Your people are courteous and knowledgeableExcellent service, he was very quick to see to my problem and was very respectful when speaking to me.Although costomer service was good, netflix itself is NOT AT ALL a good thing to get. Theres pop up charges and a whole bunch of lies!No matter what my call to you-all is regarding----I always find such an interesting person to share conversation with----today I found Kevyn.
We shared conversation about Scotland, Judy Garland, parents, life and attitudes. It is like talking with old friends. So thank you for your employee selection.
Pam Patterson in Tennessee.I've been a happy subscriber to netflix...I dont mind the price change...in the end it will be better than blockbuster...people have to understand that dtv just bought blockbuster and I'm sure there are some underhanded dealings going on with the cable companies....netflix has offered a more than fair price and still is...watching tv used to be free...those cable companies were in it for netflix since they offering a better service.....dont complain about netflix...complain about your greedy cable!!Streaming and DVD for 16 bucks is still cheap considering there is no hassle of driving to video store and having to return movie, not to mention the videio not being available since it already rented. I will be keeping my subscription just the way it is.
Sean fro customer service was great!dealing with the customer service was a wonderful expierence very professional thank you very muchJust called netflix about app for HTC thunderbolt. They were prompt about answering call but could not give definitive answer as to when there will be an app in the market to support thunderbolt. Please those out there with thunderbolts call or post a comment about how much this app is wanted. ThanxVery professional in answering the questions i had to start netflix. took 5 mins to assist now iam set up and running with no problem.thanks netflix.continue the great work and customer service. for PSP users, netflix was down as sony had some issues of their own to iron out.NETFLIX!! YOUR AWESOME BRO BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED. TWO THUMBS WAY THE F UP.THANK YOU FOR BEING AWESOME. EVEN THOUGH I AM SOMETIMES INTERUPPTED WITH BUFFERING AND SOMETIMES HAVE PROBLEMS YOUR STILL AWESOME WILL BE WITH YOU AS LONG AS YUO ARE UP AND RUNNING. THANKS NETFLIX!excellent serviceNetflix has the best customer service around. I have had to call them atleast 20 times since I've had the service. Every single time was very pleasant. I really do not understand these negative comments. Half of them aren't even about the actual "customer service" which is what this website is about, am I correct?Great customer service, i received a dvd in the mail that was cracked and broken. They shipped another one with no hassle.wow. best customer service I have ever received. I was able to talk to a human on the FIRST try, WITHOUT pressing 1 for English. thumbs up, netflix... THUMBS UP!:)I called this morning as I could not access my account from work.I really needed to change the movie, called the number listed and reached a lady named Hannah. She was VERY cheerful and helpful. Her help was greatly appreciated.I have only good things to say about my experience with Netflix.A big thank you to your customer service department.Netflix Customer Service was fantastic in taking care of my problem. They acted im mediately and far surpassed my expectations. I am more than pleased.I have not received my DVD in several weeks. I watch them and send them back the next day. I called, they were very polite & helpful. They will send me another right away. My experience with Netflix thus far has been very good.Today i recieved a movie in the mail, and it was cracked right down the middle.BUMMER!!! I called netflix right away and the woman was so very nice to me. She is now sending me another movie and an extra for the trouble, with no questions asked. I am so pleased with my service even though i got a bad dvd, i love netflix!!!! thank you, kindly.NetFlix customer service is consistently excellent. They were proactive in offering me a discount because I experienced streaming problems. Have contacted them a number of times, and every time service has been prompt, extremely polite, and efficient. They don't sound like they're reading from a prepared script when they speak to you. Great job! Can't understand why they don't have a higher positive rating.I HAVE HAD CABLE - DIRECT - DISH NETWORK NOT ONE OF THOSE COMPANIES CARED TO CORRECT MY BILL WHEN THEY COULD NOT PROVIDE SERVICE FOR A DAY AND IN SOME CASES MORE THAN A DAY -- I HAD TO CALL THEM TO GET THE CREDIT -(NETFIX HAD TROUBLE AND CONTACTED THEIR CUSTOMERS WITH A 3% OFF THE BILL)THIS GAVE ME HOPE THAT- YES THERE ARE GOOD COMPANIES IN AMERICA----- KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK JAMES CUTISI absolutely love Netflix service. By far, this has saved me a ton on entertainment expenses. I do the two DVDs/unlimited streaming plan, and it is been fantastic. After reading a number of complaints, it seems that most people complaining fall into one of three catagories. First, they can't read (terms & conditions). Two, they don't look beyond the new release section. Three, they expect way too much for their monthly fee. Seriously, go back to dealing with Blockbuster for a month and they will be right back.I have the one disc at a time deal and I can watch as many movies as I want through my blue ray and the internet. It works great and I love it. Haven't had any problems with them and my sister subscribes to them too and loves it.I've had a couple issues with netflix such as lost dvds, movies in my queue not shipping in the order that they were supposed to and billing errors. Anytime I have called to get support I've been extraordinarily impressed at the help that I've received. I've never been put on hold, had my call transferred or anything that would justify a negative rating. If anything, I've had the complete opposite. They have on occasion shipped me extra dvds without charge and all around, in my opinion deserve an A+ when it comes to service!Had a movie arrive damaged. Called and the man on the phone was very helpful and made arrangements to ship another. Talking to a live person is wonderful.Very pleased with Net
Flix. Just wanted to report the last movie Knight and Day I received would not play. Thought it might be my dvd player,tired another movie worked fine. CD looked fine just would not play for me. Ms. LeekI just want to sent a messege to all those unhappy people outhere.
I'm a netflix fun I pay $9.99 a mont,i been using netflix for more than three years now, way before they have intant streaming, i even start with the five unlimited movie deal for $17.99, i think it was a very good deal in comparizon with blockbuster.
after six months i cancel because i want to try blockbuster well it was olmost the same system experience,i try blockbuster for two months them i cancel. I never have any problem cancel with netflix or blockbuster.then i start using the so call red boxes, they are very convinience yeah but they olso have negative side too, like you got people waiting behind you and you cant take your time selecting the movie that you really want to wacth and sometimes they run out,when you return movies the box is full so you have to wait untill some one rent a movie for you to return your movie. now you see what i mean it is always something.

Ok lets compare:
Blockbuster: in stores $3.00/$4.00 or more per movie for 5 nigths. online $12.99 minimum a month +.99 rental per new releases.

Red Boxes: $1.25/$1.50 per movie per night...sometimes not enouth titles for every ones so you have to go to a diferent location.

Netflix: $8.99 per month unlimited + one movie in the mail,unlimited streaming video 24/7/365 days.up to six divices like : Laptops,PC,ps3 wii,ipad,iphones,itouch,Htc Windows 7 Phones and next the epad tablet by android and any streaming player boxes. netflix have others plans prices too.

to be honest netflix is the best thing that happeng online and to our economy.

people just do the math!
..the video quality is like dvd quality
why buy movies when you have your own video club online more then 90,000 titles to choose from,no more storage,no more damage dvd's, no more stolen or lost dvd's and no more trips to video clubs and if you have a streaming player box you can take it with you any where they have high speed wi-fi or internet connection.

there's so much to learn about netflix in the good way.
just read about it,learned,subscribe,enjoy...

Netflix you're the best, A 10+++.

sincerely,
Raul BetancourtI have been using NetFlix for 3 years and have never had any issues.Netflix customer service has always been great. Recently suspended our account for a 3 week vacation. When we returned, we saw our bill did not reflect the suspension, so we called and were told that the suspension service only applied a discount for a month or more. Nevertheless, they discounted our next bill just to be nice. Every call I've ever made to them has been helpful and positive. Love this company.I've had awful experiences with GameFly, but NetFlix is miles ahead! Well worth the money in every way! Customer service is friendly and courteous, also.Okay, so I have called tech-support twice since getting Netflix and both times these folks have just nailed it. They are not constrained by some stupid corporate tech ask and answer flow chart. They tell it like it is and I value their personal and professional assistance. Can I work there?Netflix has only gotten better with time! Now teamed with Roku THEY REALLLLLY ROCK!
They other day I had to call Netflix because Dexter season 3 was at the top of my queue the whole time with Long wait after it. I asked if they could please find a new copy not only did they do it...when they said they could not but they gave me 3 extra videos in my queue for the week :) LOVE NETFLIX!I have been with Netflix for 2 years.

Netflix is outstanding !!! I have never had one issue with thier service.

If there was a movie, I really wanted to see, I would call customer service, they would have it shipped next day, no additional charge.

Netflix customer service is by far the best, I have communicated with, from any company. They truly, understand/care for thier customers.

Customer service staff, are very friendly, and knowledgable. And do thier best to satisfy customer needs. Thank you Netflix :)About a month ago, Netflix mailed me two dvds from my queue. The dvds i was recieving was a season. I recieved Disk two, so i waited a day for disk 1. When i got onto the website i saw that it had been returned already. So i clicked Report a Problem, and then tried to report that i never recieved the disk, which it told me i had to wait. They had also already sent out disk 3.

I called Netflix to tell them that i wanted to get disk 1 so i could watch the dvd. the customer service rep reshipped disk 1 and said that for my inconvience she was going to ship an extra disk for me.I called netflix and spoke with Matt this morning to say that I never received my dvd and it was showing that it was already returned. Matt was very helpful and friendly. I stayed on the phone to take the survey but was disconnected and I just wanted someone to know how nice he was.
Thanks Matt!I was on the phone to take a survey and got interrupted. I just want to say that the guy that helped me at 4:55 regarding types of boxes to buy to get live streaming from Netflix was extremely helpful and very knowledgeable. Thanks for your help!!!I've dealt with the Netflix Customer Service about a half dozen times, over a disc issue, and I must say, every single time I talked to someone, was a pleasant experience. I was always talked to with politeness, and a sincere attempt to solve any issues I had. I wish more companies took the time to have caring human beings on the other end of their lines. A big thumbs up to netflix.thank you, thank you, thank you for telephone customer service. Old fashioned but oh so wonderful.I had rented The Rosa Parks Story and when went to watch it the DVD would not play. Why? It was broken. We reported it to your Customer Service online. They said under 1 min. That was amazing how fast we got a response. Thank YouI have had three occasions to call Netflix for Customer Service/Tech Support. All three have been fantastic experiences, for the following reasons:

1. Knowledgable and effective
2. Friendly and supportive
3. Clear grasp of the english language (obviously US located reps)

Also, the easy code entry from the support website made for immediate identification of me and my account, and routing to the proper rep to solve my problem. 3-4 min wait time avg for me.I love Netflix and have had wonderful experience with their customer service.I have been a customer for years, and Netflix service has been absolutely impeccable. The price is very reasonable, the service is extremely punctual, they correct any errors immediately and even give refunds if it was their fault. Only two or three defective disks in over 300 disks received. If all companies were run this well it would be a perfect world.I couldn't be more satisfied-seriously.
Long story short I mailed back a movie-it didn't arrive-called after 2 mos when I noticed I wasn't getting movies- Boom Boom I am restored and was treated as nice as pie .Today was my third time calling Netfix for a problem. This was also my third time getting great customer service. The first time I called I actually wrote a letter about the so helpful customer representative who helped me. My problem was resolved after about 20 mins and trying about 3 things. The young lady I spoke with left once to get some advice, then came back and the issue was resolved. It too bad Roku has some ties with Netflix as far as equipment. I had to call Roku today for a non related problem to Netflix. It was a total nightmare and UNRESOLVED. HIGH FIVE TO NETFLIX. I hope I will be able to resolve my Roku problem on my own, as I do not want to have to terminate my service with you.they really helped. i called 10 minutes ago and they siad i needed a better internet conection for my wii retrieving problems. im just a little bit mad when i said that i was my mom and the believed me, and im a guy!!! but other then that they were awesome.cyai signed up for the service in march/10 but only used the service 3 times. today i called to cancel my subscription and had no issues at all. the rep i spoke with was polite and courteous and it only took 2 minutes. great customer service !! hassel free..would've kept their service had i used it more.I called today to get help with changing my address and let them know I did not receive the last DVD they sent. The person I talked to was extremely polite and helpful. I really appreciate the help and service Netflix provided.Once I came here and got the correct Customer Service number I couldn't have asked for better service. I don't know what's up with the web site but that number appears to be out of service.I was disappointed to find negative comments on this site. I have been looking for a place to post a review for Netflix for the past month or so. The service is great and customer service is always prompt and cordial. I am so used to dealing with thirty minute long automated services that speaking with a real person within a minute of my calling is refreshing. When my credit card was lost and my account was not updated there was no outrageous "late fees" to pay, in fact, there were none. Two weeks later I updated my account and they simply billed me for the lost month/two weeks. I find movies on here I cannot find ANYWHERE else. All in all this is an inexpensive service that serves a serious movie buff like myself very well. I am highly impressed with this company.I have never once had a problem with NetFlix, and I have had it for over 5 years. The only movie I ever got that was scratched, I noted it on my account, and the next day I had a replacement. I think a lot of the people on here just don't have a clue. I mean like complaining you don't like the movie. You think if you go eat somwhere and you don't like what you ordered, even though it was cooked right, that you should be able to ay "I don't like this" like a 2 year old and expect not to pay? and as for the phone number, it is there. I have had to call before, and I had no trouble finding it. Click on the contact us button, then on the next page click where it says call customer service. It gives you a service code and the amount of time you will spend on hold! Anyway, Netflix is great and Blockbuster, whom I also had used in the past, was very difficult and the issues like charging for missing discs and scratched discs fit them much better. That's why Netflix is still here and they aren't.I have had netflix for a couple years, cancelling only once because I go too busy to watch movies every other night. I have never had a problem with them. I even sent back my friend's personal DVD instead of their disc and got like $10 back. Shipping has never been a problem, usually 2 days dude to my close location to one of their centers. So I don't know why people get so frustrated. If you know that sending two discs in the same envelope doesn't always work, then don't. But anyways- I haven't had problems with it. Plus the service I get on my Xbox is awesome. High quality and quick streaming for a lot of movies and shows. :)What a wonderful way to get your rental dvds right now. The 2 dvd rental stores near me only allow 1 day now and you have to pay a certain amount per day more if you don't return it in time. I return my dvds to Netflix and usually get my new ones within 2-4 days depending. And I love that they follow up occasionally thru my email to make sure I got it or how long it took between my sending it and my getting the email that they received it.

I had a dvd that didn't work once and I went online to report it. The day after I got the bad one out in the mail I already had the new one which worked great.

I love the fact that I can keep them as long as I want and it doesn't cost me anymore than my monthly payment or that I can get as many as I can watch and return each month.I've always had very good service from Netflix. A few times I've received a DVD that wouldn't play for whatever reason. I sent a message to let them know of the problem and the responded very quickly that they were sorry for the problem and I received a replacement disk the next day.
Note: I had not even put the bad disk in the mail yet. I love my Netflix subscription. I watch videos almost every day. Besides DVDs you have the option to stream all the movies that you want. HUGE selection. Better than Blockbuster any day of the week!I can't imagine why anyone could complain about customer service at Netflix. I think they must hire people who are more than able to do their work. They are reasonable, polite, and they bend over backwards to be fair.
Also, anyone can get their phone number on the Internet. Maybe there was a problem at one time and I was just lucky never to have experienced it. Maybe folks have trouble getting the Netflix number when they call 411. If someone doesn't have a computer they can just ask someone they know who does. Have them type in "Netflix" and they will get the phone number for you.
I've used this company for years. Negative comments don't seem fair.These guys are great! Knowledgable and really seem to care that folks are getting their movies as soon as possible. Netflix rocks!I've had to move a couple times in the last few weeks, and it was very simple to update my account with my new address, and the DVDs followed me immediately. With magazines, etc. it is sometimes difficult to figure out how to change your address, and often takes weeks to happen. I did have trouble finding the contact number, but once I did and contacted Netflix about some minor problems, they were great. Main issue is it sometimes takes forever to get new releases, when you can walk into Blockbuster and find 20 copies of a particular DVD. I recieved The Hurt Locker the day it came out, cause I had it on the top of my queue for awhile...Customer Service was great! They do not have the newest releases so I cancelled with them and there was no problem they refunded the amount the over charged me too.I cant understand some of these complaints. I have been a member for a little over a year and have never had any issues. None , no damaged dvds, no customer service issues. They even allow you to cancel your service online and put your account on hold. How many companies allow you to do that? Most large companies have nefarious business practices when it comes to canceling. They never allow you to cancel without calling your customer service and waiting hours on the phone, or hanging up on you. I work for a large company customer service and I am well aware of these problems with most companies. another thing that just grinds my gears are the people who stste that they are not aware their membership renewed without their permission. In this day and age most services always continue until you cancel it.I just signed up to be able to watch movies on my PC I am an old man and computers are new to me. The fellow that I talked to on the phone (I think his name was Norm) Walked me through the entire process. It was really nice to talk to A REAL PERSON instead of a machine. I commend you for still giving a tinkers darn about your customers.
Mickie O'Brien
tiomickie@gmail.comMy wife is impressed with the speed of the movies that come in the mail. Also we have had a few damaged goods with CDs and dogs. They have been very tolerant in not charging us for our mistaken "chew toys".
Very cool and the dogs do not get to watch the movies anymore!Only had to deal with their customer service once, but it was a pleasant experience. Only had about a 30 second hold time at 5:00 pm, once call was answered the person I was speaking with was very knowledgeable and provided immediate resolution to the problem.I have been a customer of Netflix since its first year. I have lost DVDs and have never been hassled. I have made mistakes with credit cards and received email reminders to correct things. I feel they respond appropriately and in good faith to questions and concerns with regards to billing issues, shipping problems, etc. They also seem to reach out for feedback.I wonder if the people who complain that it is so super hard to reach Netflix customer service have ever clicked on the "Help" link on the Netflix page. The instant you try typing your issue into the search box, a telephone number pops up onto the screen, along with a 6-digit code that helps identify your account when you reach a rep.

I have called Netflix many times regarding a few different (minor) issues and have never had a problem. I find them to be very helpful. I don't think it could be any easier to contact them, since the telephone number pops up on the screen the instant you actually try, ya know, looking for your problem. "Got a problem? Here, call us, here's our number!"Friendly great customer support--but they sure love to hide the contact number!!! I was upset just trying to find the number to report double charges!!!Great company. Easy to deal with. Lost disk and they forgave it. Top notchReps have always been courteous, knowledgeable, and a great help.As a disabled veteran I am exempt from paying State sales tax in Oklahoma.

I called Netflix to ask how to have my tax exemption applied to my account. The woman who fielded my call could not answer my question but kept tracking down people until she had my answer.

She even closed with, "You get a gold star for making me do my job. I learned something new today, thank you."despite not having a number on the website and making it seem like they do not want to be contacted, the customer service at netflix is actually very professional and very helpful.Netflix dont provide an e-mail that can be use for support questions, instead Netflix provide some phone numbers to reach their 24 hour a day customer support team and Help Center that is very helpful that dont require spending waiting time.
Netflix phone number is best searched using the Netflix help center, because it gives you more relevant and updated information about that particular question you have in mind in a much faster pace