11 December at 05:37
Used the branch in Ipswich town centre this morning. Service was excellent. The young person serving me was efficient polite and really helpful. Thank you very much for this.

9 December at 04:52
Shocked Staff are clueless. called up as money come out fair enough cancelled card sent new one 5 days later told them do not send new pin. Told woman i am about to do weekly shop was told will leave card active til 5pm. went asda 140£ shop took an hour to get in store declined at till. Thats week with no card in total. New card arrives goes shop declined wrong pin. called bank place in any cashpoint and reset. Done this declined. calls bank again sorry new pins been sent. ...
See more

14 December at 06:54
It’s funny that they think you’re stupid…. Bankers that can’t even count…. Under investigation from my solicitors for being thieving little rats. See you in courts happily

31 October
I went to my nearest branch (York). The staff was really helpful polite and dedicated. They solved my problem immediately when all the other banks I visited didn't even bother. So my whole experience until now is positive. Thank you.
1 Like

14 December at 05:52
Ryan Dunn at TSB St Nicholas Aberdeen
Professional and friendly service commitment to the matter factual explanations and help in solving the problem. Thank You very much.

8 October
Staff at my local branch in Truro are fantastic really helpful nothing too much trouble. However the lighting in the customer banking area is dreadful totally unwelcoming and makes the branch appear closed.

20 November at 04:44
Claire Tarry at the Sherwood Branch helped us. Claire provided us with top notch customer service. Claire was friendly understanding and patient with our queries. Thank-you Claire.

14 October
what a disgrace of a bank rude racist and unhelpful staff refusing to give me a new bank card unbelievable abit dogey how money goes disappearing out of my account you cancel and take my card now refusing me a new one should I be concerned about identity theft ?
1 Like

12 December at 16:51
Absolute tosh! Cannot log in on internet banking forever and then I get in and try to move money from accounts only to be met with errors.
I had to make an important payment in the summer and failed like this because of technical issues which caused a lot of stress and worries for our family!!!
How can this all be ongoing after months & months?!
3 Like
1 Love

24 September
Quite honestly the worse bank I have ever had misfortune to open an account with.
Having problems with trying to setup a new recipient to pay a bill. Customer Services(although 'People who answer phones but have no way of fixing your problems' would be a more accurate name) told me that effectively you are limited to 100 people in your payment list. If you have more than that you have to delete someone to make room then play musical recipients by constantly deleting and re adding.
1 Like

23 November at 04:09
I have spoken two Claire Anderson who operates out of the Bolton branch via MS Teams on two occasions now and she has been brilliant each time. Claire is knowledgeable caring humorous and very helpful. She made the whole experience very pleasant and I would highly recommend her.

6 September
I put a negative review on last week but have removed it now because TSB have solved my problem & everything has been resolved to my satisfaction. The TSB staff on here who answer the complaints are fantastic & a credit to TSB & hoping to put it all behind me. They do listen but you need to go through the right channels!

23 September
I had a brilliant experience at the Bluewater branch. I needed to open a new bank account quickly after a major life event. The staff at the branch were super friendly but the biggest standout was Andrew Irvine who spent hours with me sorting everything out. He went above and beyond and I went away the same day with everything in place. I felt supported not just as a customer but as a person. Could not recommend this branch highly enough.

